Huh, anyway check out this youtube channel: kobyoshi02.
Hey guys check out my new channel and our first vid this is us the monkeys! I'm the monkey in the white shirt. Please leave a like comment and please subscribe!
Me shaking my sexy ass on my channel enjoy.
Watchv=vtarggvgtwq check this out.
Subscribe to my channel.
I turned it on mute as soon is I came on. I just wanted to check the views.
You should check my channel for funny videos.
And you shouldd check my channel and tell me what I should do next.
Hey subscribe to me.
Once you have started reading do not stop. If you do not subscribe to me within one day you and you're entire family will die so if you want to stay alive subscribe right now.
Subscribe like comment.
hello! Do you like gaming, art videos, scientific experiments, tutorials, lyrics videos, and much, much more of that? If you do please check out our channel and subscribe to it, we've just started, but soon we hope we will be able to cover all of our expectations. You can also check out what we've got so far.
I'm only checking the views.
We are an edm apparel company dedicated to bringing you music inspired designs. Our clothing is perfect for any rave or music festival. We have neon crop tops, tank tops, t-shirts, v-necks and accessories! Follow us on facebook or on instagraml for free giveaways news and more! Visit our site at oncueapparel.
I think about 100 millions of the views come from people who only wanted to check the views.
Subscribe to my channel people.
Just checking the views.
Check out my channel.
Marketglory com/strategygame/andrijamatf earn real money from game.
Hey guys! I am a 12 year old music producer. I make chiptunes and 8bit music. It would be wonderful if you checked out some of my 8bit remixes! I even have a gangnamstyle 8bit remix if you would like to check that out. Thanks.
Check me out! I'm kyle. I rap so yeah.
I don't even watch it anymore I just come here to check on 2 billion or not.
Subscribe to me for free android games, apps.
Everyone please come check our newest song in memories of martin luther king jr.
Came here to check the views, goodbye.
Subscribe my channel for no reason.
Check out my dubstep song "fireball", made with fruity loops. I really took time in it. /watchv=teloa6rio8o.
2 billion. Coming soon.
Why dafuq is a korean song so big in the usa. Does that mean we support koreans? Last time I checked they wanted to bomb us.
Check my channel please! And listen to the best music ever.
Subscribe 4 subscribe please like this comment I want a succesfull youtube so pplease like this comment and subscribe it only takes 10 seconds please if you subscribe ill subscribe back thanks.
Hey everyone! I have just started my first yt channel I would be grateful if some of you peoples could check out my first clip in bf4! And give me some advice on how my video was and how I could improve it. Also be sure to go check out the about to see what I am all about. Thanks for your time. And to haters. You hate, I win.
Youtube/codytolleson for awesome videos I'll subscribe back.
If you like roblox minecraft world of warcraft gta5 mario suscribe to my channel.
Subscribe to me and I'll subscribe to you! Must like - czfcxsn0jnq.
If you like raw talent, raw lyrics, straight real hip hop everyone check my newest sound dizzy x - got the juice prod by. Drugs the model citizen comment tell me what you think don't be lazy! - 1/7 prophetz.
Subscribe. To my. Channel.
Now its 1884034783 views! Pls comment the view count the next hour.
Go here to check the views.
Thumbs up if you checked this video to see hw views it got.
Please subscribe to my channel and I will subscribe back xx.
I check back often to help reach 2x10^9 views and I avoid watching baby.
This video will get to 2 billion just because of people checking if it has hit 2 billion yet.
Hi guys check my youtube channel.
Subscribe and like to me for more how to videos on minecraft.
Subscribe me.
I am just to check how much views it has.
The first comment is chuck norrus ovbiously.
Behold the most viewed youtube video in the history of ever.
When is this gonna hit 2 billion.
The most viewed youtube video of all time.
969210 dislikes like dislike themselves.
Psy=korean.
Omg this oldspice spraytan party commercial omg. I'm sitting here "no this isn't a real thing is it? Omg".
This is the only video on youtube that get so much views just because we want to see how much views it has. 1000000 every day, I mean, most people think a video is popular when it actually gets 1000000 views.
It's been back for quite a while now.
2 billions in 2014.
Please check out fablife / welcome to fablife for diys and challenges so please subscribe thanks.
Subscribe my channel.
If your like drones, please subscribe to kamal tayara. He takes videos with his drone that are absolutely beautiful.
Whats up everyone! I trying to showcase my talent to the world! I have over 3000 subscribers! I promise! I don't suck! Please spread my covers around, subscribe share! Thanks so much for all your support! Lucas trigo -stay awesome.
Hi there. I'm group leader of angel, a rookie korean pop group. We have four members, chanicka, julie, stephanie, and myself, leah. Please feel free to check out our channel and leave some feedback on our cover videos criticism is welcome as we know we're not top notch singers so please come leave some constructive feedback on our videos; we appreciate any chance to improve before auditioning for a korean management company. We plan on auditioning for jyp, bighit, jellyfish, yg or sm. Thank you for taking time out of your day to read this.
Admit it you just came here to check the number of viewers.
Just coming to check if people are still viewing this video. And apparently, they still do.
Check my first video out.
Check my channel.
suscribe my channel please. Lol.
Wow. Comments section on this still active. Not bad. Also 5277478 comments. Now 79.
ching ching ling long ding ring yaaaaaa ganga sty fuck you.
There is one video on my channel about my brother.
Check my channel, please.
Does anyone here use gift cards like amazon, itunes, psn, google play, itunes, or any other gift cards? Then you'll be happy to know you can get free gift card codes for free from an amazing site. Here is a 50 itunes gift card code xxbb5tczhm39hvzd.
Why does this video have so many views? Because asian things are awesome and non-asian countries are jelly so they try to learn from asia by looking at this video.
Please withing my channel.
I made a gaming channel unique right l angry minecraft.
Anybody who subscribes to me will get 10 subscribers.
My videos are half way decent, check them out if you want.
They said this video are not deserve 2billion views while they keep visiting it to watch the viewer.
Subscribe to itz recaps and above diddle.
Screw this chinese crap I don't even understand what he is saying. Why isn't he speaking english like everyone should.
Subscribe to my channel visuelgamingznl I subscribe back.
Please subscribe I am a new youtuber and need help please subscribe and I will subscribe back. Hoppa hoppa gangam style.
Subscribe me if you don't like the song.
This is a weird video.
8 million likes. Even the subscribers not 8 million xd.
Ehi guys can you subscribe in my channel? I am a new youtuber and I play minecraft thanks guys! Subscribe.
Hi everyone! Do you like music? Then why not check out my music channel. The lexis band will be uploading their own songs and covers soon so don't miss out. Please subscribe too as it does help us out a lot. Just takes one click. -.
This song never gets old love it.
2012bitches.
Made in china.
5 milions comentars and 2 bilion views.
It is 0 zero.
Mix - psy - gangnam style m/v: psy - gangnam style m/v.
This has had over 2 billion views. Holy shit.
How can there be 2124821694 views, when I am the only person alive after the zombie apocalypse - greetings, spoderman.
Suscribe my channel please.
2124923004 wiews. Wow.
Guys please subscribe me to help my channel grow please guys.
Great music anyway.
so crazy, over 2 billion views, not us, not uk, its korea republic, its asia.
Like getting gift cards. But hate spending the cash. Try juno wallet at juno wallet you can earn money for gift cards such as nike, gamestop, amazon ebay etc its easy earn money by doing simple task like watching videos. Downloading apps you can even earn money by inviting your friends to join. Its free for signup sign up today use promo code bd3721315.
can somebody wake me up when we get to 3 billion views.
Psy got lots of money from youtube that he got from 2 billion views this is the most views in the world.
Justin bieber = gay.
You gotta say its funny. Well not 2 billion worth funny but still. It clicked and everything went uphill. At least you don't have jb's shit on 1.

ahhh, 2 years ago.
Check out "starlitnightsky" channel to see epic videos.
Stupid people. This video doesnt have 2 billion visits. Have 2 thousands millions.
check men out I put allot of effort into my music but unfortunatly not many watch it.
Check my channel out please. I do singing covers.
I think this is now a place to promote channels in the comment section lol.
Get free gift cards and pay pal money.
Check out pivot animations in my channel.
Follow me on twitter ig killuminati94.
check me out I'm all about gaming.
Oppa! Yeah! Best song.
search "chubbz dinero - ready or not " thanks.
Follow me on twitter mscalifornia95.
every single types of face on earth.
Y.
Check my channel for my new song 'static'! You'll love it.
Incmediaorg where the truth meets you.
Look at my channel I make minecraft pe lets play.
I found out this song now.
2 billion.
Song name.
Hey again if you guys wouldnt mind chacking out my rap give it like and il giver 3 of your vids a like.
the most watched video on youtube is psys gangnam style, with 21 billion views. Psy - gangnam style m/v.
Subscribe to me and I'll subscribe back.
For christmas song visit my channel.
Subscribe to me I subscribe back! Plus I have a nice ass lol.
Please give us a chance and check out the new music video on our channel! You won't be disappointed.
Please subscribe to me.
This is the best, funny and viral video of history youtube the true.
Please check out my vidios.
Oppa gangnam style.
The funny thing is, 1700000000 of the views are spam bots. I mean c'mon 2 billion views? Bs.
Oppa.
It's so funny it's awesomeness lol aaaaaaa sexy lada.
Most viewed video in the world.
I'm here to check the views. Holy shit.
Dear person reading this, you are beautiful and loving have a great day.
The guy in the yellow suit kinda looks like jae-suk.
How are there 2 billion views and theres only 2 million people in the world! Multiple accounts! 1111.
wat da fuck this the most viewed video in youtube.
Omg 2/7 people watched this video because there are 7 billion people in the world and 2 billion watched this.
What is he saying?
This has so many views.
Omg over 2 billion views.
Subscribe to me please please please please please please.
I am 2126492636 viewer.
Fantastic.
The population of world is more than 7 billion.
2126521750 views.
Wow 23 min ago.
Super!
P e a c e l o v e.
How can this music video get 2 billion views while I am the only one watching here on earth? Lol.
Subscribe to me.
Still the best.
The most liked video on youtube.
Still watching this 2 years later.
Hello! I'm kind of new to youtube, and soon I'm soon going to be making launchpad video's! I would really appreciate if I got some subs before I started so that people can spot me easily! I don't really care about hate comments so don't bother.
Lol. I dunno how this joke gets a lot of likes, but whatever.
2 billion views for this piece of shit. A r e y o you k I d d I n g m e.
Gangman sty- d-d-d-d-d-d--drop the bass.
Will this song ever reach 7 billion views.
I am a rapper/songwriter, check my video please. Also subscribe for more thanks. Tell me what you think.
Hello all 2924 earth population of the world, hope your having a great day.
Is this the video that started the whole "got my dick stuck in an elevator" excuse thing.
Can anyone subscribe to my channel.
Prehistoric song. Has been.
You think you're smart? Headbutt your face.
Dislike. Now one knows real music - ex. Enimen.
Loool nice song funny how no one understands me and we love it.
Like if you came here too see how many views this song has.
We pray for you little psy.
''Little psy, only 5 months left. Tumor in the head. We will miss you.
Follow me on instagram. Chriscz.
How is this shit still relevant.
This shit never gets old.
What can I say. This song he just change the world completely. So good job psy. And your girls are awesome.
On 002 you can see the camera man on his glasses.
This comment is wrong.
I hate this music. Fucking singer and every koean chainise ana us sucks me dick.
205. hahahahah.
Can we reach 3 billion views by december 2014.
dumb guy: why is there 2 billion views when there are 7 million people on earth? Also, I know what 1+1 equals! 1+1=1! I am a smartie pants.
People who say that "this song is too old now, there's no point of listening to it" suck. Just stfu and enjoy the music. So, your mom is old too but you still listen to her right.
The funny thing is that this song was made in 2009 but it took 2 years to get to america.
Why I don't see any comments but mine? /.
This jap is such a piece of shit. He is such a worthless fish head. I don't know how any one likes this dumb untanlted gook. This isnt even fucken music. This is so fucking sad that this is even such thing. People are so fucked up.
I remember when everyone was obsessed with gangnam style.
Remove this video its wank.
Why the fuck this keeps updated? Comments "5 minutes ago" song: "2 years and 4 months ago".
Many memories.
Why are they 5million comments when there is only 279898 youtube users. 5million fake account or psy hacked youtube.
2000000000 out of 7000000000 people in the would saw this video just in 2 years and yeat I only get 2 words out of the hole song.
This video is so cool, again and again.
I am now going to voyage to the first comment. Tell my family I loved them.
How did this video in all of youtube get this many views and likes? Why gangnam style? I don't have a problem with it, I just don't understand the phenomena behind it, it's just like any other random music video out there.
With the korean girl more slut and bitch hyuna '33.
hey guys! Check this out: kollektivet - don't be slappin' my penis! I think that they deserve much more credit than they receive.
Still a very fun music video to watch.
C'mon 3 billion views.
Hey everyone, I am a new channel and will post videos of book reviews and music on the flute. Please subscribe if you would enjoy that. Thanks.
Hey I think I know what where dealing with here! I have some theories of how this could've gotten 2billion hits! 1. this was mabey made in korea and its realy popular there so they were stuck watching this over and over again. 2. over 2billion people have access to the internet, including youtube, and the numbers are rising, by 2017 half of the populatoin will be connected. 3. hackers in korea may have loved it so much they rised it to 2billion hits to make it more popular. 4. the song was featured in a just dance game, on multiple mp3s, and been seen on concerts and even on new years eve event in 2012, so just by seeing those you mabey adding more hits to this video. 5. you are complaining to much on how the heck this has 2b hits.
Subscribe my chanel.
This has more views than queen and michael jackson, 2 billion views omg.
Lol.
If you pause at 139 at the last millisecond you can see that that chick is about to laugh. Takes a few tries.
9 year olds be like, 'how does this have 2 billion views when there are only 3 people in the world'.
Psy is a good guy.
Why does this have 2 billion views this song is so annoying.
1 millioon dislikesssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss.
The little psy is suffering brain tumor and only has 6 more months to live. Please pray to him and the best lucks.
For all of the little kidz out there there is like 7 to 8 billon people on earth not 7 to 8 millonget you facts straight before posting comments.
How stupid humanity is.
Come and watch my video it is called the odowd crowd zombie movie part 1.
you know a song sucks dick when you need to use google translate to know what the fuck its saying.
We get it, you came here for the views.
Wow this video is the most viewed youtube video. Second that comes justin bieber- baby smh what has the world come to.
This song is great there are 2127315950 views wow.
I'm watching this in 2014.
most viewed video on youtube. Daaaaaaaaaaannng those views can almost dominate the entire. China.
How does this video have 2127322484 views if there are only 7 million people on earth.
What my gangnam style.
Lol this youtuber officialpsy is getting so much money lol.
1 million dislikesepic failready for you fanboys.
If I knew korean, this would be even funnier. At least a bit at the end was in english, but was spoken quite rapidly.
Enough with the whole "how does this have two billion views if there's only 7 million on the planet" we get it. You're joking. It's not funny anymore.
If I get 100 subscribers, I will summon freddy mercury's ghost to whipe from the face of earth one direction and miley cirus.
If I reach 100 subscribers I will go round in public pouring a bucket of ice water over people and then running away acting like it wasn't me! Like so people can see.
Youtube money.
2 billion for this shit.
2 billion views, only 2 million shares.
Hi guys my name is dylan and I do irl football videos I have 1030 subscribers and I think you guys would like my content so come check it out and if you do subscribe.
If I get 300 subscribers by tomorrow I'll do a epic hunger games video.
2 billion views wow not even baby by justin beibs has that much he doesn't deserve a capitalized name.
If I reach 100 subscribers I will tazz my self and my friend.
I am so awesome and smart! Sucscribe to me.
Follow 4 follow vaahidmustafic like 4 like.
I hate this song.
Please throw a subscribe on my channel.
New goal! 3000000! Let's go for it.
Go to my channel if you want to see a fly getting burned alive.
Just came here to check the views.
Come and check out my new youtube chhanel, going to be posting daily.
I hav absolutely no idea what he's saying. Is it even a language.
Please check out my vidios guys.
I still to this day wonder why this video is so popular illuminati confirmed.
Hey guys can you check my channel out please. I do mine craft videos. Let's shoot for 20 subs.
This is getting old.
Please subscribe me.
Just came to check the view count.
Check out my music videos! Fuego - you la la remix hyperurlco/k6a5xt.
Check out my music videos! And please subscribe! Fuego - you la la remix hyperurlco/k6a5xt.
If the shitty chinese government didn't block youtube over there, there'd be close to 3 billion views right now.
World record youtube video views.
I think he was drunk during this.
Hahah, juyk! I allways laugh at the part 157. lol.
i wanted to know the name of the guy that dances at 0058, anybody knows.
Haha its so funny to see the salt of westerners that top views of youtube goes to video they don't even understand, keep the salt up.
Imagine if this guy put adsense on with all these views. You could pay you are morgage.
Hey come check us out were new on youtube let us know what you think and don't forget to subscribe thanks.
The girl in the train who was dancing, her outfit was so fucking sexy, but the huge turn-off was she lacked eyebrows d.
Don't mind me, I'm just checking what the views are up to.
Hey guys can you check my youtube channel I know you hate comments like this one but I promise if you check my videos it will be entertaining I do shotgun montagesninja defuse montages and trolling please guys can you check them out and thanks have a good day.
To everyone joking about how he hacked to get 2 billion views because there's a certain amount of people or whatever, he actually did buy views.
why does a song like this have more views than michael jackson smh.
everyones back lool this is almost 3 years old and people are still hear.
How can this have 2 billion views when there's only me on the planet.
I don't now why I'm watching this in 2014.
subscribe to me for call of duty vids and give aways goal-100 subs.
The first billion viewed this because they thought it was really cool, the other billion and a half came to see how stupid the first billion were.
Hey guys! Visit my channel pleaase I'm searching a dream.
Hey guys this is glamour beauty! I just started my youtube channel please go check it out! I'm going to post singing videos and also random videos that I fell like! Please go to subscribe! More to come soon! Remember to subscribe.
Hey guys! My mom said if I got 100 subs before christmas I'll get a kitten and I always have wanted an kitten so please watch my videos and if you like it subscribe or like. Please no mean comments.
Take a break from katie and help me reach 100 subscribers this month! New music and free downloads.
Subscribe me please.
Check out my covers I have a video coming out please subscribe.
Subscribe to my channel.
Hey guys. I am a very small youtuber I upload videos nearly every single day. I once hope to be like shikas so can you please give 2 mins of your life to view this channel. And my new video is on how to watch all the anime for free. And I am pretty sure you wont regret visiting this channel. Thank you.
Katy perry will you sit on my face please. It would be really awesome and I'll give you 5 dollars. Ok if you want to do this then please call me and subscribe to my channel first ok thats good and then you sit on my face and ill get an erection then you sit more k.
hiya I just started youtube and it would mean a lot if some of you could subscribe and watch my first videoxx.
hello! I'm marian, I'm a singer from venezuela! I was part of a boy-girl band named cubik, and I'm now singing on my own 'cause I wanted to play my own pop and pop-rock songs. It would mean a lot if you could have a look at my channel to check my music and watch my new video! And if you like, subscribe to it! Xoxo thanks! Ps: if you like a lot my channel, you can share it with your friends! Haha! Marian.
Katy perry does remind me of a tigerlike as if its her spirit animal.
In what south american jungle or any jungle for that matter do you find an african elephant and a bengal tiger in the same place. Who made this video.
its a good song and I like her video clip, because its a bout a girl that her airplane crashed on a land far far away. And she found the way to survive! And I love the pet tiget too kitty purpy lol.
Help me click on the subscribe mai nguyen, thank you.
Thanks to this video we know that nokia phones can survive a plane crash.
She named the tiger kitty purry no, seriously, she did, check the video.
Perfect.
And after the video ends, a 13 ft. Boa constrictor squeezes her to death.
Should not have paused the music, this is a clip, not a movie.
Hi! D! We re twin melody 17 year old twins. We did some covers! We did a cover of birthday by katy perry! Please just take 1 second and watch it! Thanksmercigraciasdankeobrigadograzie xx have a nice day! D.
Hey guys go to check my video name "growtopia my story".
Yay I am the 11th commenter! If your crazy please donate bitcoins to me at: 1fhenqx1twqm153v2ptayiejnealahzvem.
I love this song, its for empowering every woman. "youre gonna hear me roar".
This song makes me want to drink bleach.
If she really did this there she's hardcore.
Follow me watch my videos. Follow me watch my videos follow me watch my videos follow me watch my videos follow me watch my videos follow me watch my videos follow me watch my videos.
I'm sorry katy perry, I was being weird. I still love you.
I'm not a big fan of the song but this video is awesome.
Katy perry just stop it and don't do a song I don't like it.
Go to my channel and check out my written songs.
Subscribe and you are gonna hear me roar.
In my opinion I think you look better with black hair then blond hair.
I loved, she is amazing. Omg your eyes.
You gonna hear me roarrrr.
I will finish this dissertation! And I will laugh in its face when I finish! Roaaarrr =3.
she's an old whore.
Roaaaaarrrrrr.
This looks so fun and it's a good song.
Check out our vids, our songs are awesome! And that I guarantee.
I love you katy.
I loved it so much because you get to stand fear.
Katy perry is and inspirational singer her voice is awesome and I loved her so much she achieved music history and I couldn't believe that guys if you could take 1min to go to my channel and watch my first video I would be greatly thankful for this. Ty guys n katy is still awesome xoxo.
Subscribe to me.
346 so cute.
I think they were drunk when they shot the first half of the video and then the sec on half comes in, and her boobs are magically bigger and she's more beautiful suddenly, and the dude practically vanishes.
Roar is without a doubt your best song. Feel good song with a message for everyone. Good job katy.
The great mother of the jungle. Sweet and natural. I like her videos.
Katy has conqueror's haki.
Can you check my videos please? Don't hate me. Give me one oportunity.
There is 7 bilion poeple on earth now stop being dumb.
I love this shit but I disliked it because it's sucks.
This video is very inaccurate, a tiger would rip her face of.
Great video by a great artist in katy perry! Admire her creativity! Check out our channel for no nonsense mobile tech reviews and comparisons as well as an iphone 6 and 6 plus review and comparison.
Are those real animals.
Hey guys! Can you please subscribe to my channelbecause I'm gonna filming a video so hope you guys like it and thank you so much for you're support! Xoxoleah.
Maybe the best music video in the last 15 years? This is how pop music is done folks.
I love katy perry. 3.
boooobs.
I really don't understand how this has 600 million views lol. I'm not hating or anything, it's just confusing.
Its almost katys birthday! October 25th lets say happy birthday to katy.
Katy perry you are looking soo pretty damn cute. -.
Great song you go katy.
Looooooooooooooooooooovvvvvvvvveeeeeeeeeeee ittttttttttttt.
My telephone.
This comment will randomly get lot's of likes and replies for no reason. I also like jello. Strawberry jello.
Really want this video to get 1 billion views, would be amazing.
Katy has the voice of gold. This video really brings the lyrics to life. I am a rapper with 25000 subscribers. Thumbs up if you hate when you take a shit and the water splashes your nuts.
I started hating katy perry after finding out that she stole all of the ideas on her videos from an old comic book. Yet, her music is catchy.
How can this song have 629 million views while there are only 7 million people in the world.
Katy perry is garbage. Rihanna is the best singer in the world.
Katy perry is part of me katy perry is my firework katy perry, I love you.
This song was good until it got overplayed the hell out of on radio.
See it all, human folly right.
Greatthis is a song.
Awesum song! Jus luv it.
Watch my videos xx.
Please check out my acoustic cover channel. Thanks.
Imagine this in the news crazy woman found acting like a tiger and bit jims ear off.
Selfie alert.
Your going to hear me roar - soundsofsunday.
It is a shit.
She loves vena. Trojmiastopl/vena-bus-taxi-o59253html.
Katty perry please say in one of your new videoes that they follow the girls girls please.
I am a big fan of you and I love you.
I. Katy perry.
Since she is a feminist champion, why would she want to reinforce the stereotype of girls being girly by painting the nails of an elephant that probably wouldn't even appreciate it.
this is fucking shit. From the first notes, that becomes clear. Complete and utter shit. May god come and cleanse the earth of the complete and utter idiocy which is humankind.
Hey guys please check out my youtube channel to c funny 2 girls 1 cup reaction thanks and please subscribe! Thanks.
Please subscribe every subscribe gets a shout out tell me what type of videos you want and I will try make it happen.
Hey guys subscribe to my channel for no reason! Please.
at least she didn't get rid of her completely useless makeup.
I love roar and katy perry. She is my favorite singer and sometimes I just mute the volume and look at her.
This is the best of the best video in world.
She's got it all. Incredible voice, extremely hot, nice tits.
--attention katycats! Katy leads with 7 noms at this year mtv ema! Do vote daily for her: tv. Mtvema. Com/vote delete spaces thumbs up and share on fb.
I really like this song.
My son love so much.
Y love you.
Follow me on instagram bigboss286.
why the elephant have a broken horn.
Where did she find all that make up in a freakin jungle.
So cute that monkey -.
Nice song.
Subscribe please.
You are all sheep, period. This is terrible music.
In the beginning she was scared off everything and next thing you know she is out in a leopard bikini.
Please look at my channel.
My three bigger secrets are: I don't think I'm good enough for me skinny size. I'm bisexual and I sweat really freaking bad when I'm nervous. - check out secret by austin mahone's new single.
Katy is beautiful. And this song is catchy. I'm a rapper with 25000 subscribers. Thumbs up if you hate when you take a shit and the water splashes your balls.
I love her green eyes.
How old is katy perry.
Most popular video on youtube.
Nokia spotted.
I hear this all the time on radio and its really irritating. That being said, I like the video.
Hi everyone! My dream is to have passionate sex with katy perry. Some people do not believe in mebut maybe you will. Sex is a giant part of my life and it pushes me to be a better person! Please give me a chance by giving me a thumbs up! If you love my ambition please subscribe.
Fantastic.
she's awesome.
Katy perry songs aren't that bad.
Hi beaties! I made a new channel please go check it out and subscribe and enjoy.
that's good.
Awesome video this is one of my favorite songs.
If only I had the body like katy perry she looks so hot. I love her ^^.
The song is very good but the video makes no sense. Just a nonsense video. I mean she is telling her story of being stuck on an island, but the song doesn't fit in the situation. But nvm. The song is good.
Who else would give katy perry a good old mighty roar.
Omg I love you katy parry your songs rock! Thats a total subscribe.
Katy perry is awesome.
This song is so addicting. The hook is dope and catchy. Love the video too. I'm getting popular fast because I rap real. Thumbs up if you piss next to the water in the toilet so its quiet.
Nice song see my new track.
I love this sooooooooooooong I love katy perry.
What does that tattoo on her right tricep say.
Since when has katy perry had her own youtube channel.
Every time I watch this mv I just so so so glad that I live in a world that don't have to worry about running from a real, human eating tiger.
"eye of the tiger" "I am the champion" seems like katy perry is using titles of old rock songs for lyrics.
She is a perfect wonder.
She is horrible at acting. Cringe-worhty.
I love katy fashions tiger, care to visit my blog sinar jahitan I also have the tiger collections tqvm.
Anyone who loves music please go check out my youtube page and tell me what you think I just put a video up and will be doing more song. I'm just trying to get myself started. Any love is much appreciated.
Is that tiger called 'katty purry'.
Blue eyes, can't be trusted. Uranus bless america.
Rap from belarus, check my channel.
Follow me on twitter: freyacumqueen.
my honest opinion. It's a very mediocre song. Nothing unique or special about her music, lyrics or voice. Nothing memorable like billie jean or beat it. Before her millions of fans reply with hate comments, I know this is a democracy and people are free to see what they want. But then don't I have the right to express my opinion? Please don't reply with dumb comments lie "if you don't like it don't watch it". I just came here to see what's the buzz about661 million views? And didn't like what I saw. Ok.
Visit my channel.
Wow she is sexy.
If you looking for new music to listen to check out cece song called dead2me on itunes music video out now right here on youtube.
Katy has a voice of an angel.
Man she is hot in this one, male companions visit my profile to check out the coolest sextoy ever made.
this video is so racist! There are only animals.
Man she is beautiful.
Want to win borderlands the pre-sequel? Check my channel.
Please help me getting 1000 subscribers tonight/today. Thanks to all who subscribe me.
Yesterday this video have 1 million likes and now it has 2 million.
Why tiger succumbs to a beautiful girl probably male tiger. Hahaha.
Best song ever.
Thank you katyperryvevo for your instagram likes axeljonssons.
Please subscribe in my channel.
She is good. Does she make any more music? If she doesn't, she should.
I love you katty perry.
Honestly, I wanna see you be brave! Oh wait.

This video is great I love this. And like much katy perry.
Good thing she brought her spray-on tan, hairstylist, makeup artist, and cameraman.
666002018 views! 666 million. 666! Katy perry illuminati confirmed.
I make guitar covers, please have a look at my channel.
It should be illegal to be this goodlooking as this babe is.
Katy is mine the girl of my dreams.
I love this song.
She is fit.
I love the song roar it make me think am fill the way.
How do you forget you have a choice, and what the fuck, surviving a plane crash has a 1/1000 chance of happening.
She is a fool. This is a foolish video. The lyrics are all about her and how great she is. She is arrogant, obviously. But the thing is that there are a lot of idiots. Look how many hits this garnered. The young stupid girls who listen to her are numbering in the millions I guess. This video is a piece of trash. Why would anyone ever like it or listen to it? Because these stupid little girls have idiots for fathers and mothers. And so they are going to turn into idiots also. Just like this stupid singer.
Attention we need 10 million views more for firework to reach 500m we have only 1 and half day left for katy's birtgday. Listen how it could be possible? Just open different tabs from different browser don't watch full video, remember we don't have time on hand, its time wasting. View it only for 30 sec. Please thumbs up and share.
Hey katycats! We are releasing a movie at midnight uk time to celebrate katy's 30th birthday! Be sure to subscribe to our channel and watch the movie.
I just realized that this verses in this song have the exact same melody as the verses in "hey ho" by the lumineers.
-d this is my favorite song.
This song never get's old.
Hey I know most people don't like these kind of comments see at spam, but I see as free advertising so please check out my cover of sparks fly by taylor swift it is not the best ever I know, but maybe with some encouraging words of wisdom from many of you I can become better! Please go to my channel and check it out.
I like you katy perry 600606.
glad to know I am not the only one who knows its katheryn's birthday today. Happy birthday katy. And my sister. They seriously have the same birthday.
Katy perry can't sing for shit. All I hear it autotune.
I fucking hate her. Why? Because she don't write her songs she got producers for that. Second why tha fack is she in every song almost nude mayby because she's an attention hooker.
Also luckymusiqlive she probably could help you make it big because I think you have talent. Just look her name up on the internet. Hit me up when you get this message.
Check out my drum cover of et. Here! Thanks - /watchv=no9povz9oiqlist=uultucdihsdei01by1ow7wuq.
Put famous people in the jungle for an hour and look what happens.
She kinda let herself go, huh.
We all love you katy perry.
subscribe me and I subscribe you back.
Katy perry - roar official soundsofsunday music.
When I hear katy singing this, I cry. The song has got depth.
Love it.
People who believe in illuminati are stupid the same people believe that 911 was made by the american government.
Please subscribe to my channel I need subs and if you do I will subscribe back I need help.
Please look up dhg songs this is my playlist with a bunch of amazing songs.
Hey! I'm nerdy peach and I'm a new youtuber and it would mean the absolute world to me if you could check 'em out! Hope you like them! =d.
00 39 I am pretty sure that tiger just wanted a hug.
this song gives me strength! Love her lyrics. This video really brings the lyrics to life. I'm getting known fast because I rap with meaning. Thumbs up if you piss next to the water in the toilet so its quiet.
I love you katy perry because you will sing nice than shakira.
i love katty perry.
The perry you're doing a good job good job I love all of their videos and by the way can you please describe to my channel please please please please I'm trying to get as many comments to skyburst lights is a cancer and get famous please.
I did a cover if you want to check it out thank you. Michael age 8.
everybody please vote katy at ema 2014 best song best female best pop best live best look best video please vote katy please please please vote vote vote katy katy katy.
H my god roar is the most liked video at vevo while 2 months ago was justin's baby. Congrats katy applause.
Hi everyone! Do you like music? Then why not check out my music channel. The lexis band will be uploading their own songs and covers soon so don't miss out. Please subscribe too as it does help us out a lot. Just takes one click. -.
i'd rather hear some propa explicit gangsta rap insted of this garbage. This song is trash.
Damnnnnnnnn, she is sexy oo.
Such a good song ans katy sounds great over the melody. I am growing as an artist everyday from my hit song 'crazy' which has got my name out there. Cant thank my fans more for their support. If you could take a moment? To check it and my music? Maybe you'll join me to make my dream come true. Thank you for your time.
I love you! Because you make me smile when I am sad you cheer me up with your beautiful songs.
This song is the most boring, asinine song I have ever heard. Coming from a guy who liked "teenage dream" the song. Ever since katy perry's divorce it's wave after wave of shitty but successful songs. For those of you saying "this is the next wave of pop music". Stick it up your ass. Katy perry is like silly putty.
And somehow she has access to makeup in the middle of the woods.
It looks so real and my daughter is a big fan and she likes a lot of your songs.
I can't comprehend why this video has nearly 700000000 views. Some people found 'gangnam style' funny so that explains its high view count but this is just an awful pop song. I really have no clue on this one.
Lets be honest, you wouldn't last 1 day on your own in the jungle. Stop living n a fairy world.
Nature is beautiful, no need to place tits in video to impress people.
This is so stupid. If you roared at a lion in real life you'd dede.
This song is so awesome! She made everything stand out and all the viewers could imagine themselves at the setting of the video. Awesome job katy perry!
katy perry is lion.
I've figured out why I dislike this song: it's supposed to be a power ballad right? Something that's uplifting and motivating by the end. However, the final chorus has no extra umph at the end and actually sounds just like the first one. Instead of crescendo-ing into a powerful finish, "roar" just says on the same wavelength. It falls flat.
I like this song the video goes perfect with it.
". Because I am a champion. And you're gonna hear me roar" today I am my own champion today I am a champion for the creator today I am doing positive in my world today I am blessing and healing all around me today I am successful and creating success.
Katy perry's songs are the best of the songs of women artists.
I like this song because of all the animals and I like this song.
I love this song so much! -d i've heard it so much I pretty much memorized the lyrics.
Hey guys, I know you tend to skip these comments, but take a look first. I am free fire, a big room, progressive house, deep house, dubstep chillstep producer from a small town in missouri. Down here, I have no support from the community, and all I really ask is some critiquing, support, and views. My music has gotten much better then what it was 10 months ago, and I promise my new content should be more then satisfying. Soon I should be able to advertise and I wont pester you guys anymore. So gimme a chance and check out my music, thanks and god bless.
I love that you subscribed.
Great song, but we all know that katy buys her views.
Check out mah girl it duh shit yo.
Check out this video on youtubefacebook lhudygirlamaya.
Hey yall its the real kevin hart, shout out to my fans! Follow me +realkevinheart.
Check out my acoustic channel.
I know someone will see this I have a dream I don't have the greatest videos or the best quality right now I feel like I'm not getting anywhere and I need your help if you could possibly watch my videos it means the world to me please thumbs this up so others can see I appreciate it so much please listen before you hate. Honestly I appreciate it so much you don't have to love me just give this 17 year old a chance.
I hate videos like these with those poor animals.
Hii youtube.
Nice very nice.
I love this song.
Katy you are a shit go die! Roar is a floooooooooooooooooooop.
I love your music.
My 6th grade teacher looked exactly like katy perry come to think of it.
Come check out our parody of this.
Please subscribe to us and thank you.
almost 1 bil. What? Wow, gs sucks, in my opinion.
Katty is the best!
That was very good I mean very very much good.
This song means so much to me thank you soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much- xxx.

Katy perry, I am the "dcio cabelo", "decio hair". I am 60 years of age. I don"t have family. I"m single. Alone. Homeless. I was an alcoholic: 15 at the age of 46. I am an invisible composer. My dream is to record my songs. Could you help me? Please! Please! I trust that the you will give me a chance. I have 109 videos in the youtube: deciocabelo canal. Katy perry, I was born in october 25, too. Thank you very much! Decio hair.
Honestly speaking except taylor swift and adele I don't lile any of the modern day singers. But I must say whenever I hear this song I feel goosebumps. Its quite inspiring! Thanks miss perry.
Who is going to reach the billion first katy or taylor.
Wierd but funny.
Party rock. Lol. Who wants to shuffle.
Party rock.
Shuffle.
Omg.
This song is just really fun.
Awsome.
Wow! Increible song!
I love this song so much.
2015 likeee.
I miss when people dressed like this.
2011- the last year of decent music.
Best song ever.
Super nice, love musique.
Wowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww.
Party rock 8
thumbs up if you watched it in 2011.
this is increidebl.
Lmfao.
Just. Superr.
2015! Llikee.
Yeah! Let's start the party.
This awesome song needed 4 years to reach to 800 mil views while tango switch bitch needed 1 year. Its not fairrrrrrr.
Nice girl.
I remember back when this was so popular everyone on our school was shuffling it was crazy.
Lmfao.
Super awesome video.
Just dance 3.
Party rock.
This the best song I ever hire.
Its funny that mahogany is there lmao, I actually didn't know that her brother and uncle are part of lmfao.
Party rock anthem is loveparty rock anthem is life.
Stopis a very top 1.
ahhh back when my life didn't suck.
Party rock.
Cute.
Lmfao best songs ever.
They shuffle hard that they made an earthquake in nepal.
Nice.
Still. This reminds me of 1 years back when I was do shuffle everyday.
Love this song makes me wanna dance.
That time in 2011 where this shirt was cool.
Love this video and the song of course.
Check out this video on youtube.
Very nice yeah fucking.
Well this dudes faded the fuck out.
Ah. Good old times.
Old and good song.
Cool.
Not 2 million view anymore.
Good.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out this video on youtube.
Remeber the good ol' days when songs weren't about butts.
You are the music hero.
I was born in the wrong generation.
Love this song makes me wanna dance.
Love this song makes me wanna dance.
Very good! Like.
The views. They're over 90000.
love lmfao party rockin keep it going.
Best music ever.
Likeeee.
Cool.
Remeber when this song was good.
2015.
i want to be that robot guy.
I love your songs.
Omg it's going to have 1bi views.
Dance.
Check out this video on youtube.
5 years.
Cool cool cool cool cool cool cool.
Wow I love it.
Who knows the name of that girl? And that one. And that one.
Why did they stop their career in music? This music rocks.
Very nice.
Why sooooo many downs.
Tension.
Nice.
2015i like video.
Music yeah.
Like this in 2015.
this was such an epic track. And the video is awesome.
Likkee.
Give it a like.
Lets party.
Mindblowing dance. Superbbb song.
Anyone else think this video theme is a bit of an insult to 28 days later.
Check out this video on youtube.
Never get old.
I remember when this used to be so popular all around at the timei still love it.
Strong messages in every song i've heard.
4 fucking years are fucking past so fucking fast fuck.
I know it old song but like if you watching in 2015.
I'm watching this on summer 2015.
I am going to blow my mind.
And I am shufflin still today.
This is my favorite song ever love this party rock it everybody.
1000000000 views.
Lets get it to 1 billion.
Love this soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much.
I love this song so much.
I'm a subscriber.
This song is awesome.
Best song ever made I swear. I still hear even doe it old! Who else.
I came here because of vanoss.
Best song for ever.
Epic.
I like so much this music, good.
Beautiful song.
Why do I feel like as if gangnam style copied their song from this.
Damn, this was everywhere.
Party time.
Never gets old.
This song is fu cking awesom.
How do you put a picture for your image thingie.
Okay, this should cover me for some time. Thumbs up if you're watching while youtube still exists.
This song is just insanedo you dance listening to this song I do, lol.

Thumbs up if shrek is gay.
Thumbs up for robo guy baby.
Seriously how did they come up with that beat it is insanely good holy fuck.
Best party song literally party rock is in the housee tonight.
Memories.
I lovee it.
More views than nikki minaj anaconda.
Lmfao is the best.
Who else saw jesses dancing sorry if I spelled it wrong peace.
I like how the robot shuffles he shuffles good.
You cant stop the shuffle.
Dang dat little kid gat moves.
I miss this song.
Loves it.
Check out this video on youtubegotta dance and just have a blast every time I hear this song just love it.
Man this song really does get in your bones - one minute I'm nearly dosing off to sleep - the next I'm shuffling like crazy with hot feet.
That shake and that golden and black robot were really partying.
Take a look at this video on youtube.
Cooooooooooooolllllllllll.
Wow.
Oh shit this was uploaded on my birthday, finally my birthday isnt a curse, because on this day maylaysia airlines went missing, so I thought my birthday was a curse.
Everyday I'm shufflin.
Everyday I'm shufflin.
Thumbs up if fe-fe-fe-fe-fegelein brought you here.
Every day I'm shuffling.
Cool song ever good thing its here.
Why does the world not shuffle.
Love these guys, love the song.
Its funny because I listen to rock and death metal. But I like this.
Shuffling all the way with lmfao! I like this one, wish I could shuffle like these crazy dudes.
5th most viewed video. I guess.
My favorite song.
I like this song.
Wow dance show.
Awesome.
Like if you are watchin in 90000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 1.
good times.
Laughing my fucking ass off.
When I see this back in 2015 I ask myself how people got to like this song. Seems like gangnam style copied this style though, might just be me but yea.
Wait I saw a kid not kidding.
Party rock due and duel.
Fucking love it omg.
This very good so I dance with some companions front of the whole school.
Check out this video on youtube.
I could finally do the spongebob but I started yesterday.
Thumbs up if you're watching in 2015.
i love it.
Lmfao - party rock anthem ft. Lauren bennett, goonrock.
I hate it when laura bennett comes in.
Subscribe to my channel.
Party in da tonight.
Best for partying.
Omg.
What's with the guys jacket? 1 sleeve and a sleeveless arm.
Best song ever.
Take a look at this video on youtubyou.
I like this steps.
Let get this video to one billion views.
In my head this is like 2 years ago. Time flies.
870000000 views. 566000 comments. Oh my lanta.
Its 2015 and still shuffling to this song.
Check out this video on youtube.
Who df is lauren bennett.
Socool.
Awesome.
This is so coolwhy haven't I heard this before.
I was going crazy fuckin crazy watchin this brah.
I shuffled while listening to this song. The illness is spreading.
Way was their a guy warring a robot head.
Like the songs.
Almost 1 billion views, nice.
I like it.
Gooooood.

Likeeeeeeeee.
Shuffle.
Lol so funny love it.
Good party.
Do not like this comment if you are not watching in 2004.
check out this video on youtube.
Check out this playlist on youtube.
Check out this video on youtube.
Share your thoughts.
Subscribe me plzzzzzzz plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.
Guys lmfaois going to have a reunion on june/27/15 at expo idaho gardens there going 2 performe live and there's going 2 be a press conference after to answer questions about were there been its all live on my channel I got publishing rights subscribe to my channel to watch the whole thing if you don't believe me look it up hope to see all you true fans there and yes it's free.
Iiiiiiiiiii love this shake it song oh sorry every shake it song I like watch subscribe and never unlike brooooo! Shake it up.
Check out this playlist on youtubem.
Check out this video on youtube.
Who's watching in 2015 subscribe for me.
Come subscribe.
Subscribe my channel please. Pro plays.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out this video on youtube.
I just wanna see how many people like this comment. I'll give it a month or so.
Please don't like this comment if you are watching in 2015.
check out this video on youtube.
I like this comment and do not kill.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out this playlist on youtube.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out this video on youtubefb i.
All school drop outs I knew as friends before they decided to drop school think there is no need for an id card or a certification to prove you are an educated clean in criminal record talented person to work in any entertainment field worldwide. They think they could be rich entertainers by consolidating with actors / actresses as well as singers for a share of profits.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out this playlist on youtube.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out this video on youtube.
We can have a party next share.
Lol check out my chanell and subscribe please I want 5000 subs thats it I am nearly their now.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out this video on youtube.
Subscribe me. If you do that leave your name so I can subs back.
Check out this video on youtube.
Please subscribe to my channelthanks.
Hey guys I am 17 years old remixer and producer and I want you guys to help me checking my videos I am sure you will love those music if you love them then subscribe so you will know more about me.
Check out melbourne shuffle, everybody.
Subscribe my channel.
Please suscribe I am bored of 5 subscribers try to get it to 20.
subscribe if you are watching in 2015.
check out this video on youtube.
Hey subscribe to mefor the peace in the world.
Check out this playlist on youtubea.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out this playlist on youtube.
Like this comment for no reason.
Omg can this be the first video on youtube to hit 1 billion views like this comment of you agree.
Please help me get 100 subscribers by the end of the night. Thanks.
Like this comment if you're watching this video when big bang happenedi do.
Check out this playlist on youtube.
Check out this playlist on youtube.
Like this comment if your watching in 2015 or 2016.
Check out this video on youtube.
Like this comment if you are watching this on 2015.
check out this video on youtube.
Like this comment please.
Check out this playlist on youtube.
Like and subscribe.
Like this comment if you are watching on a phone.
Check out this playlist on youtube.
Check out this playlist on youtube: I tried.
Check out this playlist on youtube.
Like this comment if you still jam out to this song after 4 years.
Subscribe.
Check out this video on youtube.
This video has 800+m views, and the channel got 3m subscribers.
Check out this video on youtube.
Subscribe to my chanell.
Los invito a subscribirse a mi canal.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out this playlist on youtube.
Check out this video on youtube.
At 500 subscribers I'm sky diving help me reach my goal 3trust me, I'm a doctor.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out this playlist on youtube.
Check out this playlist on youtube.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out this video on youtube.
Need money check my channel and subscribesoon will post how to get it.
Check out this playlist on youtube.
Like this comment for no reason.
Check out this playlist on youtube.
Check out this video on youtube.
Please become my first subscriber. Thank you.
Can I get views and subscribers for no reason.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out this video on youtube.
Hello from russia comes to the channel subscribe.
Men stop being naive idiots believing in love and believing that women actually respect you. Want a more fulfilling drama fee life? Check out mgtow. There are many channels here on youtube that you can chose from which will give you all the information needed. Caution: not for men who enjoy being disposable providers of utility.
Check out this playlist on youtube.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out this playlist on youtube.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out this playlist on youtubea.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out this playlist on youtubehbbhhhgh.
Check out this playlist on youtube.
Like and subscrib if you watch in 2015.
check out this video on youtube.
Check out this video on youtubehjalp.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out this video on youtubeqq.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out this video on youtube.
Dear friends please subscribe to my channel I will be very glad to see you virucide.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out this video on youtube.
Want a subscribe? Tell me about your channel and I will subscribe with a couple exceptions.
Check out this playlist on youtube.
Subscribe I'll subscribe back.
Check out this playlist on youtube.
Check out this playlist on youtubepl.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out this video on youtubelo.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out this video on youtube: i.
Check out this video on youtube.
Subscribe to my channel yo - dj feelz.
Hey guys subscribe to my chanel and I will subscribe back and like all your vids.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out this video on youtube.
White people are going extinct for more information subscribe to my channel or search for videos on "white genocide" thank you.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out this video on youtube.
Subscribers please`.
Yo like what up this song is fricking beast anywon herd the see mee rollin or I woke up in a new buggti check out nuketown rap I was shooting in it see my nice quick scoping things training for faze adoult freind sang I was at my freinds house doing it we just had the rap going and we were doing fun things.
Hi everyone this is cool check out sexy and I know it.
Check out this video on youtubeit is a old track but it still bad.
Check out my youtube channel for cool beatboxing.
Check out this video on youtube.
Hi everyone! Do you like music? Then why not check out my music channel. The lexis band will be uploading their own songs and covers soon so don't miss out. Please subscribe too asit does help us out a lot. Just takes one click. -.
Subscribe.
Ummm. I just hit 1k subscribers. I make minecraft videos. Help me out by checking me out.
Sup gus this is a video for people who loves party rock so thanks for watching and please subscribe.
Hey guys jaylan here and I just wanted everybody to know if yall can subscribe please that would be great! This is my new gaming channel have notuploaded yetbut I will upload if I hit about 10 subs thank you.
Great l subscribe.
Check out this video on youtubejjiwajwkajajqjaubkm.
Check out this video on youtube.
3m subscribers but look at the views its 700 million wtf.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out my youtube channel I can rap.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out this video on youtu.
Lmfao is crazy dope! Check out my music on my channel if you have a minute, it would mean a lot. Much love.
Check out this video on youtube.
Everyday I'm subscribe.
Man check out the raps on my channel I am better rapper than these nigger fools.
Go check out our video.
Like this comment.
Check out this video on youtube.
Subscribe.
Check out my music niggas.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out this funny video "cereal box knocks out baby" on my channel.
Subscribe to me if you think "swag" is fucking stupid.
Tuto to subscribe to my channel because you should sign up for 17 l please thank you i'd do anything for you to sign up a lot of good video I usually do.
Abomination! Subscribe if you agree | party here in my channel. Cool lights.
Like this comment, guys I just started up a new channel if I can get 200 subscribers by tonight ill do a 20 paypal giveaway like this comment so your friends can see it or others and they can also be entered go.
Check out: my hood doh, by flixter nossnevs.
Nezo and edlikeshare this page on facebook please.
Subscribe to my channel.
Hi guys please check out my vids I will promos to subscribe to you to.
Hey please check out my music video. Thanks.
Good video.
Very good song.
Every bady yust have a good time.
Are there people who like this shit? Hahahahah pthis isn't even real music. It's computer-based music. Well done music industry.
I love this song so much.
No one makes me wanna party like lmfao does. I just wanna rage every time one of these songs comes on. The only other band that does that is "on the rocks inc" those kids know how to party.
The best song ever.
The best song ever.
Love your song makes me happy.
Ooooo shuffllllllllllllllllllllllinnnnn.
Awesome.
I learned the shuffle because of them.
The best song I saw.
Watch this with sound off.
Looooooooove this song!
Everyone please subscribe to my channel or can you all just go look at my videos.
Everyone please subscribe to my channel or can you all just go look at my videos.
Everyone please go subscribe to my channel or just loon at my videos.
Like this comment for no reason.
Love this song.
This song is awesome. These guys are the best. Love this video too its hilarious lol. I am getting popular fast because I rap with meaning. Thumbs up if you piss next to the water in the toilet so it doesnt make noise.
How many thumbs up for louis saving the day.
Nice.
+447935454150 lovely girl talk to me xxx.
I always end up coming back to this song.
Cool.
Hello i'am from palastine.
Wow this video almost has a billion views! Didn't know it was so popular.
Go check out my rapping video called four wheels please.
Almost 1 billion.
Aslamu lykum. From pakistan.
Eminem is idol for very people in espaa and mexico or latinoamerica.
Help me get 50 subs please.
I love song.
Alright ladies, if you like this song, then check out john rage. He's a smoking hot rapper coming into the game. He's not better than eminem lyrically, but he's hotter. Hear some of his songs on my channel.
The perfect example of abuse from husbands and the thing is I'm a feminist so I definitely agree with this song and well. If I see this someone's going to die! Just sayin.
The boyfriend was charlie from the tv show lost.
Take a look at this video on youtube.
Check out our channel for nice beats.
Rihanna and eminem together are unstoppable.
Check out this playlist on youtube.
Like please.
I love this song, can't believe it was 5 years ago, it doesn't get old though.
Omg that looks just like a piece of the mirror of harry potter and the deathly hallowseither that house. Sirius black.
Come and check out my musicim spamming on loads of videos but its just to try and get my music across to new people.
Check out this playlist on youtube.
Huh hyuck hyuck I am special who's watching this in 2015 I am from australia or something give me attention please I am just a rapper with a dream I am gonna share this on google plus because I am so cool.
You exactly who you want to bewatching your favourite rappers on tv.
Rihanna is absolutely gorgeous in this video.
Check out this video on youtubelove this song. It's all good will never go back that but I'll always remember the passion but never want to go back to being dysfunctional insanity. Goal is to live happy not live insane.
Don't love someone soo much, love the way you lie.
One of the best songs in music history.
Check out this playlist on youtube.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out this video on youtube.
No-i hate the way you lie.
Fuck eminem. Bieber is the best.
Check out this playlist on youtubechcfcvzfzfbvzdr.
Check out this playlist on youtube.
I am gonna share a little ryhme canibus blows eminem away a quadrillion times especially about the categories of intelligent things in his mind. That he learned and rapped about and forgot before eminem spit his first rymeluv ya linz 4e.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out the new remix click click.
Check out this playlist on youtube.
I personally have never been in a abusive relationship. I probably never will. I don't hit women. Mom has my dad used to hit my mom before he left. I can relate I'm writing about one at the moment subscribe to hear it. Every fan counts.
Love.
Haha, I can't believe how many kids listen to eminem. You kids know that he does drugs and ends high in jail. I wonder why he never ended od.
Plese subscribe to me.
Check out this video on youtube.
Aye homies check out our remix to 50 cent your life is on the line we just started our youtube channel and we are all ways working hard, give us some feed back on our latest song on what you guys think if you like show support.
This is the 2nd most best song when I am gone by mm.
Check out this video on youtube.
We go for 1000000000 for eminem.
Eminem and rihanna sing the song very well.
Subscribe me secret videos.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out this video on youtubebut I'm not rhinnah.
Subscribe to me for clean eminem.
Hey youtubers. {. }i really appreciate all of you who took the time, to read this, I am just a 19 year old boy who wants to be a successful musician in the music world. {. }i don't have any money to advertise my channel, {. }if you could just visit my channel, comment on my video or subscribe, that would be great. {. }it will only be few seconds of your life. {. }thank you to all the people who just gave me a chance l really appreciate it.
Love the way you lie ".
Check out this video on youtube.
This guy win dollars sleeping. M m m he loves the planet its full of retards.
Check out our cover of this song.
Check out this video on youtube.
Goot.
2015 but I am still listening to this.
How is this the most watched eminem video, it beats not afraid.
Check out my channel for funny skits! Thanks.
Hahahahah. Like vines subscribe to me for daily vines.
Please read this please! I am a country singer who is trying to become someone. So if you would like my videos please. Just type. Boys round here by country girl only on computer wasting all these tears et. Please subscribe and like.
Check out this video on youtube.
Guys share this video! He must have 1000000000 views share on facebook, groups, pages.
Check out eminem - rap god lyric video.
Love this song.
Rihana, love me.
Like this comment then type 1337.
is that charlie from lost.
Who the fuck cheats on megan fox.
That is megan fox.
I love music.
Like this comment then type 1337.

hothot.
Check out this video on youtube.
Wow justin bieber is better thats why when he buys medication he always shares with his half wited money alfred but sadly enough he is an attention hog with swamp ass and an eating disorder filled with sassy mice, and flaming hot cheetos that he can eat with the power of the samurman.
This fucking song like a'n oreo the only white part is the good 1.
no where near one of eminems actual best songs, real fans know what I am talking about: untitled, cold wind blows, welcome 2 hell, elevator, business, wtp, almost famous, 25 to life, rock bottom, no apologies, same song and dance, without me, way I am, toy soldiers, mosh and insane songs off the top of my head that's better.
Finally someone shares the same opinion as me. I've tried really hard to like gangnam style but I just can't, I don't even get the dance either. A song like this should be more popular than gangnam style, at least it makes sense.
Check out the new hot video by dante b called riled up.
Check out the new hot video by dante b called riled up.
Still listeningstill same pleasure.
I love you.
2010? The time past so fast.
Hey everyone, I'm dakoda bigelow. I'm a 17 year old singer, rapper and producer. I've gained over 490000 views so far but I really need more views, likes and subscribers in order to make it. Check out my brand new music video for my song so gone! Also check out my new song called deaf. A few moments of your time would be greatly appreciated and you won't regret it. Please thumbs this up so more people can see it! Thanks for the support.
2015 fuck yeah.
Eminem is a ginius stop.
The rap: cool rihanna: sttuupid.
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry.
Love.
Feels and emotions in this song. God damn.
All you should go check out j rants vi about eminem.
Megan fox and eminem together in a video doesnt get better than that.
Yo I know nobody will probably even read this. But I am gonna type it any way because I hope at least one person will I'm a rapper with a dream. I know there's like 200k of those in this world but please check out my music and subscribe? If you want. Thanks, I would love nothing more than to have a decent following on youtube. If anyone? Reading this could press the "thumbs up" other people will see it just a simple button press? Could make my dream come true. Thank you.
Best song.
Subscribe to my feed.
Everyone go and share youtu be/arkglzjqup0 on fbtwitterg+ to vote for eminem to become artist of the year on first ever youtube music awards and get this method to cheat at internet roulette out of eminems video shady artist of the year.
Check out em's dope new song monster here: /watchv=w6gkm-xny2m mmlp2 ftw.
Check out my sexy video.
Check out my sexy video.
Is that charlie from lost.
Anyone else notice that megan fox is in this video.
Check out the new hot video by dante b called riled up.
Check out the new hot video by dante b called riled up.
Yo I know nobody will probably even read this. But, imma type it any way because I hope at least one person will I'm a rapper with a dream. I know there's like 200k of those in this world but please check out my music and subscribe? If you want. Thanks, I would love nothing more than to have a decent following on youtube. If anyone? Reading this could press the "thumbs up" other people will see it just a simple button press? Could make my dream come true. Thank you.
Watch my videos and subscribe.
Subscribe to me for daily vines.
Love it.
Hay dakota you earned a subscribee.
Listen. Check out andrew guasch - crazy, sick flow. I'm dope. That's all there is too it. If you like it subscribe, if not, ill be with aftermath of tde soon enough. One love, peace.
Check out the new hot video by dante b called riled up.
I hate rap and I like this song.
Love the way you lie - driveshaft.
2010.
1000000 views near.
You guys should check out this extraordinary website called firepacom you can make money online and start working from home today as I am! I am making over 3000+ per month at firepacom visit firepacom and check it out! Lake chillpal sturdy astauand johackle chorenn ethosien changeable public noxu ploosnar looplab hoppler delicious false scitenoa locobot heartbreaking thirsty reminiscent.
This song is nice.
You guys should check out this extraordinary website called firepacom you can make money online and start working from home today as I am! I am making over 3000+ per month at firepacom visit firepacom and check it out! Lake busyglide sasaroo sore chillpal axiomatic naperone mere undesirable agreeable encouraging imperfect roasted insidious modgone quickest trelod keen fresh economic bocilile.
Sick music for sick females.
You guys should check out this extraordinary website called moneygqcom you can make money online and start working from home today as I am! I am making over 3000+ per month at moneygqcom visit moneygqcom and check it out! Lake victorious luxuriant alcoholic responsible unbiased yoffa ociramma ociramma handsome arrowgance mizuxe boaconic sophisticated ill-fated spourmo chubby hioffpo probable singlewave.
Love trop fort votre clip.
You guys should check out this extraordinary website called moneygqcom you can make money online and start working from home today as I am! I am making over 3000+ per month at moneygqcom visit moneygqcom and check it out! Lake waratel misty exciting swoquix acaer chillpal tupacase arrowgance lively hard idiotic bored cool ablaze crabby aloidia cheilith feandra useless ploosnar.
You guys should check out this extraordinary website called moneygqcom you can make money online and start working from home today as I am! I am making over 3000+ per month at moneygqcom visit moneygqcom and check it out! Lake ignorant wavefire reiltas astauand skizzle jovaphile swooflia grynn excellent slimy gabby nalpure lucky glozzom depressed better deep sinpad stereotyped toximble.
Eminem et rihana trop belle chanson.
This song is better then monster by eminem.
He is good boy! I am krean I like to eminem.
It is wonderful.
You guys should check out this extraordinary website called moneygqcom you can make money online and start working from home today as I am! I am making over 3000+ per month at moneygqcom visit moneygqcom and check it out! Lake magnificent noodile unequaled moderock gogopo lulerain olielle zesty laughable accidental pepelexa delightful wiry toogit uncovered chesture woozy adhoc weak shallow.
Share eminem's artist of the year video so he can win. We could see a performance and acceptance speech. Like this comment so everyone can see. 2014 = year of eminem.
Watchv=arkglzjqup0 like this comment and share this video so em can win! Ytma.
Check out this video on youtubeeminem is amazing.
Awesome song ever.
Love.
No long paragraph just check out my song called "fire".
Check out this video on youtube.
Do you guys know, there's a part two of this song.
You guys should check out this extraordinary website called moneygqcom you can make money online and start working from home today as I am! I am making over 3000+ per month at moneygqcom visit moneygqcom and check it out! Memory ferirama besloor shame eggmode wazzasoft sasaroo reiltas moderock plifal shorogyt value scale qerrassa qiameth mogotrevo hoppler parede yboiveth drirathiel.
Hey, it's charlie from lost.
You guys should check out this extraordinary website called moneygqcom you can make money online and start working from home today as I am! I am making over 3000+ per month at moneygqcom visit moneygqcom and check it out! Wazzasoft industry sertave wind tendency order humor unelind operation feandra chorenn oleald claster nation industry roll fuffapster competition ociramma quality.
Check out this video on youtube.
I guss this song is one of my worst fears in life, to be with someone who abusive towered me and live with him.
Watch youtube video "eminem -ytma artist of the year" please share to vote.
Made five years ago and people still don't understand the message this song is conveying. For those of you who don't, understand that domestic violence is no game, women like the fictional one in this video do exist. Living their lives with a man who abuses her, but still chooses to stay for not the love, but for the sexual feeling he gives her. This is quite sad, actually.
5 years and I still don't get the music video help someone.
Please check out my new song music video ad - don't play.
Tell us the title so I can like and subscribe your music fgw please.
This video is kinda close to 1 million views.
Fuck you eminem.
You guys should check out this extraordinary website called moneygqcom you can make money online and start working from home today as I am! I am making over 3000+ per month at moneygqcom visit moneygqcom and check it out! The metal drews the reflective effect. Why does the expansion intervene the hilarious bit? The sneeze witnesss the smoke.
You guys should check out this extraordinary website called moneygqcom you can make money online and start working from home today as I am! I am making over 3000+ per month at moneygqcom visit moneygqcom and check it out! Why does the innocent woman prioritize the desire? The flight searchs the sad polish. When does the tax zip the omniscient record.
2008-2010 were the years for pop.
Sorry but eminmem is a worthless wife beating bastard.
Eminem is the king of rap micheal jackson is the king of pop if you also wanna go hard and wanna be the person of first class fame just check out authenticviewscom and be famous just within days yo.
So spousal abusue cool that's great.
She is megan foxbecause she is very similar.
Holy crap. 800000000 views.
Eminem - rihanna.
Love this song.
What nicei.
I like this song very much.
You guys should check out this extraordinary website called moneygqcom you can make money online and start working from home today as I am! I am making over 3000+ per month at moneygqcom visit moneygqcom and check it out! When does the flimsy slip facilitate the manager? How does the noise set goals the anxious regret? How does the actually loss retrieve the smile.
I love it and my mom to.
Who is watching in 2015 like.
Please check out my new song music video ad - don't play.
Amazing song.
You guys should check out this extraordinary website called moneygqcom you can make money online and start working from home today as I am! I am making over 3000+ per month at moneygqcom visit moneygqcom and check it out! Why does the wood photograph the husky breath? When does the act retain the delightful system? The rhythm fabricates the scintillating harbor.
You guys should check out this extraordinary website called moneygqcom you can make money online and start working from home today as I am! I am making over 3000+ per month at moneygqcom visit moneygqcom and check it out! The cook officiates the tax. The walk judges the amount. Why does the ink train the valuable increase.
Check out my eminem kid cudi m a s h up /watchv=xytcq5nzmua.
I like it.
Yo guys sorry if this annoys you! But check out my channel, and latest video. A like and subscribe would be nice too!
This past christmas my dad passed away, to help me cope I picked up a pen and some paper and started to write. Little did I know nearly 9 months ago that it would bring me where I'm at today. Over 7k subscribers and 500k video views. I just wrote and released a song yesterday about a friend of mine who has tried to commit suicide several times, I can't promise you professionally produced music, but I can promise real lyrics. Just click on my picture. Thanks, and thumbs up so others may see.
My name is george and let me tell you eminem is my idol my inspiration, i've listen to him growing up, I never thou I would love rap this much but I thank him for helping me find my dream. So I rap now and make youtube videos and yesterday I covered the song mockingbird it's in my channel I worked really hard on it and it's one of my favorite songs of him. So please go check it out and subscribe it would mean the world to me n sorry for the spam don't hate I'm not eminem.
Love the way you lie featuring rhianna, hes an awesome rapper! Shes an awesome singer.
Eminem is my insperasen and fav.
Ee. Everyone could check out my channel. Dundundunnn.
Every collaboration between them, we know it will be number 1.
Good music.
If you need youtube subscriber mail hermann buchmair on fb.
Is it bad that my realtionship is just like this lol.
This video deserves b1b/b views.
2015 and more.
Best song ever y.
I could hear this for years 3.
who is still watching in 2015.
i wish that guy wasn't so protective geeze.
Super rihanna.
Check out my channel.
I know that maybe no one will read this but please type in "deazy99" I'm a rapper with a dream. I know you must see like millions of those on here everyday but please check out my music and subscribe if you'd like thank you, I would love nothing more than to have a decent following on youtube from people if anyone reading this could give it a "thumbs up" because what some might see as just a simple button press could make my dream come true. Thank you again for your time may god bless you.
Rihanna is so beautiful and amazing love her so much forever riri fan.
Fav.
Hey guys! Before you ignore me, please, give me a chance! My name is yuliya, I make covers. I started getting serious with youtube september of 2013 because thats great challenge to myself. My dream was to become a singer. Youtube helps me keep up! If you can please give me a chance and thumbs this comment up so more people can see it. I swear I'll appreciate it. Subscribe please! Love you! Xoxo.
Check out this video on youtube.
Every single one of his songs brings me back to place I can never go back to and it hurts so bad inside.
I love your songs eminem your the rap god.
Sneakiestg good music. Hood muzik subscribe 2 my channel. Thanks for the support. Sneakiestg sneakiestg good music. Hood muzik subscribe 2 my channel. Thanks for the support. Sneakiestg.
I cried this song bringing back some hard memories.
Subcribe to us an we will subscribe back.
Song is bad.
Check out my cover of love the way you lie please.
Check out fantasy music right here ------- the1fantasy good music man.
Charlie from lost.
What the hell this song is already five years old? I remember when it first came out, this was my jam.
Check out my channel I am 15 year old rapper.
Is that megan fox.
Wtf. Subscribe my channel thanx.
Hey check out my channel! Please.
So he's admitting he killed his girlfriend.
Check out my mummy chanel.
I want to smack this year boy in to forever.
Charlie, heroin will do that to you.
Love song.
Megan fox is gorg in this! Eminem is truly the rap god.
Rihanna - pour it up vincent t. Remix rihanna - pour it up vincent t. Remix rihanna - pour it up vincent t. Remix rihanna - pour it up vincent t. Remix rihanna - pour it up vincent t. Remix rihanna - pour it up vincent t. Remix rihanna - pour it up vincent t. Remix rihanna - pour it up vincent t. Remix rihanna - pour it up vincent t. Remix click! Subscribe.
Check out this video on youtube.
He gets more views but has less subscribers lol.
Go check out eminem survival.
Hey! I'm a 16 year old rapper from texas I don't rap "pmw" but I promise my music will not disappoint. Search therealchrisking1 to find me and listen to my track "memory lane" I just released my 3rd mix-tape "crown me" and so far i've had nothing but good reviews about it. I'm not asking you to like or subscribe but just 1 view will help me catch my dream. And if you could leave a comment letting me know what you think it would be much appreciated also. Thank you.
If eminem gets 1 penny per view he would have 600 million dollars.
Check out leandrus - playtime it's awesoooome.
Check out this video on youtube.
I know that maybe no one will read this but please type in "deazy99" I'm a rapper with a dream. I know you must see like millions of those on here everyday but please check out my music and subscribe if you'd like thank you, I would love nothing more than to have a decent following on youtube from people if anyone reading this could give it a "thumbs up" because what some might see as just a simple button press could make my dream come true. Thank you again for your time may god bless you.
Dress like rihanna at kpopcitynet - the largest discount fashion store in the world! Check out our "hollywood collection" to dress like all your favourite stars! Dress like rihanna at kpopcitynet - the largest discount fashion store in the world! Check out our "hollywood collection" to dress like all your favourite stars.
Check out this dope channel! Phenomenallyricshere check out this dope channel! Phenomenallyricshere check out this dope channel! Phenomenallyricshere check out this dope channel! Phenomenallyricshere check out this dope channel! Phenomenallyricshere check out this dope channel! Phenomenallyricshere check out this dope channel! Phenomenallyricshere check out this dope channel! Phenomenallyricshere check out this dope channel! Phenomenallyricshere.
Amazing song.

Charlie from lost.
Subscribe me pls emnem fans.
Dude check out psy.
I love this-the talents of eminem and skylarworks well together.
Share this video. This song can beat psy - gangnam style.
Thumb up if you watching in 2015 and you like it.
Check out my remix to tyga's - molly ft. Whiz khalifa peace and love.
Check out my channel please.
I can't believe this I just now watched a brand new adult video clip with rihanna she has been screwing a black basketball player check out her video right here if you wish: crazy-celeb-newseupn.
Check my videos and subscribe and like plzz.
Never gets old best song ever.
First they were fighting. Then they were making out.
I know that maybe no one will read this but please type in "deazy99" I'm a rapper with a dream. I know you must see like millions of those on here everyday but please check out my music and subscribe if you'd like thank you, I would love nothing more than to have a decent following on youtube from people if anyone reading this could give it a "thumbs up" because what some might see as just a simple button press could make my dream come true. Thank you again for your time may god bless you.
Hey guys please just spent one minute for me I am a singer from srilanka and I am 18 year's old! Sooo I like to be great singer will be a one day so I hope it would be happen in really my life. Just view my videos and rate it and let me know how is my voice please help us guys closer to living my dream! I really know you'd helped me who read this comment he/she can just understand my feeling thanks guys lv you really much more! Subscribe it my channel and onece again thank you.
Yo guys I am 14 year old rapper just started rapping so please check out my site and leave feedback and subscribe also like this comment so more can see and make my channel big aswell.
Check out this video on youtube.
For 90's rap fans. Check out my big pun - 'beware' cover! Likes n comments very much appreciated.
I love this song up to the moon 3 you are rocks.
Hello. Am from azerbaijan.
Hey guys I am a 17yr old rapper trying to get exposure. I live in belgium where no one speaks english so I have to resort to this gay spam. Check out my 2 latest tracks as they are probably my best. Audio isnt the best but I am gonna invest in some real equipment for my next track. Please thumbs this up so others can see. Or hey don't just check me out yourself and leave a response and a like. Thanks in advance, you guys will be part of making my dream come true -notorious niko.
Eminem3the best rapper ever3.
i hate rap.
Check out my channel to see rihanna short mix by me.
Every weekend a new lyric video of eminem here view like subscribe.
This song/video is such a trigger but it's just so good.
Check out the new hot video by dante b called riled up.
Was that meghan fox.
Ayyy can you guys please check out my rap video I am 16 n I am juss tryna get some love please chrck it out an thank you.
Come subscribe to my channel! Please.
Awesome song! Congratulations.
Come check out our music channel! Go check out the song "love me" by jemini! If you do you are a very amazing person, thank you to all who check it out, if you don't check it out you're still an amazing person just for reading this post.
Share and like this page to win a hand signed rihanna photo! Fb - fans of rihanna.
Share and like this page to win a hand signed rihanna photo! Fb - fans of rihanna.
Check out my page adam b beats 2013.
look and shares my video please.
Check out this video on youtube.
Like subscribe /watchv=5tu9gn1l310.
charlieee dddd those who saw lost only will understand.
Ladies! ----- if you have a broken heart or you just want to understand guys better you should check out this underground book called the power of the pussy on amazon. Best book ever for us girls! Oh. And just a warning it's for 18 and over. Lol.
Coffee lovers please read check out a song I wrote and sing on you tube called coffee lovatype coffee lova like I spell it while your already on you tube hit enterthen look for video titled coffee lova hit enter and blast off.
So many comments.
Getting too 1billion views, holy moly.
Best song.
Subscribe to me! I make music.
1 song in world even in 2015.
hi loving it.
Subscribe me if you love eminem.
Lol thats the guy from animal planet and lost. And the girl is megan fox I think hahah.
This song is true because it is insane because boys will do this to a girl and it is not true that people say that a guy will never do it to a girl but boys you liers now stop treating us girls this way you all suck.
Love the video.
Hello I'm from bulgaria.
If you love rihanna subscribe me.
Eminem rap can be easy for a boy but I can do that.
If you love rihanna subscribe me.
Check out my music video on my chanel.
Check out our bands page on youtube killtheclockhd - check out some of our original songs including "your disguise".
Could you guys please check out my channel for hiphop beats.
I love this song sooooooooooooooo much.
Everyone come and check out the new gta 5 gameplay right here /watchv=6h0m5sayho.
Check out this video on youtube.
Hey guys I'm 87 cypher I am 11 years old and rap is my life I recently made my second album desire ep please take a moment to check out my album on youtube thank you very much for reading every like comment and subscription counts.
Eminem - love the way you lie.
Hey guys ready for more 87 cyphers back check out my video on youtube. New album is out check it out. More music tomorrow thanks for reading.
Hey if you guys wouldnt mind. Could you check out my boys and my music. We just made a real lyrical song. Search dna andrew guasch. I appreciate it. Leave some real feedback and keep hip-hop alive.
Is that girl is megan fox.
So freaking sad.
Hello. I only made one eminem song on my channel. Could you guys just put a like on it please? Don't need to subscribe. Thanks.
Hey guys if you guys can please subscribe to my channel I'm a young rapper really dedicated I post a video everyday I post a verse 16 barspart of a songeveryday to improve I'm doing this for 365 days right now I'm on day 41 I'm doing it for a whole year without missing one day if you guys can please subscribe and follow me on my journey to my dream watch me improve, it really means a lot to me thank you I won't let you down I promise: I'm lyrical I keep it real.
Hey its mes here I'm a young up and coming rapper and I wanna get my music heard I know spam wont get me fame. But at the moment I got no way of getting a little attention so please do me a favour and check out my channel and drop a subscribe if you enjoy yourself. I am just getting started so I really appreciate those who take time to leave constructive criticism I already got 200 subscribers and 4000 views on my first vid ive been told I have potential.
I like the lyrics but not to music video.
I hope everyone is in good spirits I'm a hard working student who's also a passionate singer I look foward to the day when I can make my own music to share but for now i've just been doing covers. Check out my channel, i've done covers of miley cyrus, imagine dragons, lana del rey, drake, macklemore, pink and countless others. Subscribe only if you want to. My goal isn't to become famous but to inspire fyi this isn't spamming, everyone has a right to freedom of speech. Thanks.
Check out my channel for rap and hip hop music.
Br.
Adam b beats check out my page.
I am mes an aspiring young rapper with high hopes. I know you will not click this link and check out my channel. You just don't want to. Well its your choice. In fact you know what don't click.
Looooved.
We need to get this to 1 billion views.
Hey? Everyone please take a moment to read this. I work my ass off hoping to make it into the music industry but its hard to? Get people to hear you when you don't have money for advertisements and exposure I am a young artist who has dreams and goals like everybody else please take 30 seconds and visit my channel you don't have to like? Me, just give me a chance to prove my talent also, please take just 1 second of your life and thumb this comment up it would be super helpful.
Amazing.
Almost a billion.
Great song.
Please check out my video called "we love mind master it" thanks.
Okay trust me I'm doing a favor. You need to check out this guy named columbus nelson on youtube.
I agree they are just damn spammers. They suck. I am trying to do the same and get known. I know the feeling. I will help you out and leave likes and comments on your page. I hope you could do the same and maybe subscribe to me that would be awesome thanks.
Adam b beats check out my page 2013.
check out these lyrics /watchv=yuttx04oyqq.
I don't understand this song, I have had the passion for women feel like I am losing my mind but I don't understand the ideas of loving the the way someone lies.
Please read. Hey everyone! I'm a 19 year old student who loves to sing. I record and upload covers on my channel. I would love if you could check them out. Just give me a chance. You don't have to thumbs up or subscribe but you can if you like what your hear just listen. I'd really appreciate. Thank you for your time.
Anybody else here in 2015.
hi I'm lil m check out love the way you lie! My live performance and many others, videos and my own lyrics! Thanks.
I'm subscribing to you just because your comment was that great.
I like the mmph version better.
Terrance. Thank you for serving our country. How do I "like you" or "subscribe".
Thumbs up if you listen this in 2015.
hey everyone check out my channel leave a like and subscribe please and if there is a song you want me to do post the name in the comments and I will get on to it: thanks.
Hi everyone. We are a duo and we are starting to record freestyles and put them on youtube. If any of you could check it out and like/comment it would mean so much to us because we love doing this. We may not have the best recording equipment but if you listen to our lyrics and rhymes I think you'll like it. If you do then please subscribe and share because we love making these videos and we want you to like them as much as possible so feel free to comment and give us pointers! Thank you.
For all you ladies out there. Check out this link! You'll find the hottest hairstyles and the latest trends for women! Go to this site and you'll upgrade your hairstyles and fashion senses to a higher level! Don't get left behind! --- googl\bxrosr.
Hi I am from bangladesh.
Is that megan fox.
Fire.
Eminem fans! - check out the new song "feelin' good" by j-d-p just click the "ghostpoet100" link above this post thank you all.
Hi guys I am an upcoming rapper if you could check out my channel and tell me what you think maybe subscribe or like I would really appreciate it all haters are welcome to. Thanks.
Check out this new video I made called "we love mind master it", thank you so much.
I love the way you lie.
Hey its mes here I'm a young up and coming rapper and I wanna get my music heard I know spam wont get me fame. But at the moment I got no way of getting a little attention so please do me a favour and check out my channel and drop a subscribe if you enjoy yourself. I am just getting started so I really appreciate those who take time to leave constructive criticism I already got 200 subscribers and 4000 views on my first vid ive been told I have potential.
Love the way you lie ii is nicer in my opinion.
Almost to a billion.
If you are a person that loves real music you should listen to "cruz supat"he is awesome as fuck! Just as eminem used to be.
Also check out djj where do I go now and road to recovery.
Charlie got off the island and dated megan fox? B-but what about claire.
Hi guys check out my remixes thanx you're great swag.
Please check out my youtube channel! Just uploaded my first youtube video please check it out, you will not regret it.
Eminem best rapper all the time.
Omg! This guy sounds like an american professor green.
Thumbs up if you think this should have 1 billion views.
Lemme top comments please.
I love this song.
My favorite song.
Tryna work with some rappers check out the ones I already have on my channel.
Check out berzerk video on my channel.
Super.
Eminem new song check out my videos.
Check out this video on youtube.
My friends wife earns 4000dollars a month you can do it do if you want to be a wwhore you can not get these type of wages for working from home on a pc taking surveys don't believe that shitjust because yahoo and other are taking their money does not mean they are legit please like this so the msg gets thru to vulnerable people like eminem used to be.
Subscribe to m please guys.
This is the 4th most watched video on youtube. And hes the 21 most subscribed channel on youtube, just recentley surpassing justing bieber and is less then 100 subs away from beating taylor swift.
Hey its mes here I'm a young up and coming rapper and I wanna get my music heard I know spam wont get me fame. But at the moment I got no way of getting a little attention so please do me a favour and check out my channel and drop a subscribe if you enjoy yourself. I am just getting started so I really appreciate those who take time to leave constructive criticism I already got 200 subscribers and 4000 views on my first vid ive been told I have potential.
Love you.
Lil m check hi out! Does live the way you lie and many more check it out! And subscribe.
Hello to everyone! Please check out my video: /watchv=2b4wywphi8c it takes just 2 minutes, hope I don't ask too much. If you can't help me just like share the video please, so more people will see it. Thumbs up, it would mean so much to me, maybe will make my dream come true. Thanks to everyone, god bless you all.
/watchv=aimbwbfqbzg watch and subscrible.
I love you eminem.
Love the you lie the good.
Still listening in 2015.
hey its mes here I'm a young up and coming rapper and I wanna get my music heard I know spam wont get me fame. But at the moment I got no way of getting a little attention so please do me a favour and check out my channel and drop a subscribe if you enjoy yourself. I am just getting started so I really appreciate those who take time to leave constructive criticism I already got 200 subscribers and 4000 views on my first vid ive been told I have potential.
Eminem rocks.
Check out my youtube videos for funny and cool rap.
Hay my is honesty wright I am 12year old I love your song thank you for makeing this song I love this song so much sometime harts can get breaken people kill they self or go cazzy I love you so much thanks keep on go make sure you doing your dream is comeing rule good luck.
Awesome.
I lovet.
Subscribe and like my video please.
Subscribed. Btw you have a good style keep it up brother.
I know you may not want to read this but please do I'm 87 cypher an 11 year old rapper I have skill people said my stuff isn't as good as my new stuff but its good please check out my current songs comment and like thank you for reading rap is my life.
Charlie from lost.
Eminem the best.
Usually guys I would vote people like this down but actually check out his channel, it reminds me of a smaller version of 8 mile. Give this guy a chance since everyone has to start somewhere.

Hello friends. I am a young 15 year old rapper trying to make something out of nothing. Please can you take a second of your life and check out my videos and help me reach my dreams! God bless you.
Beautiful song.
Check out my channel boys and girls.
Hey guys I know its annoying getting spammed sorry bout that but please take a moment to check out my channel I am a rapper with decent skills. I want to share my music with more people so take a listen thumbs up so more can see this.
Best rap ever.
I lover this song.
Hey guys I know you wanna skip over this but please take a chance and check out my music I'm a young up and coming rapper with a big dream and I appreciate constructive critisism. So please have a look thank you for your time.
Love your songssupper cool.
I like the music. But is anyone listening to the lyrics.
Maybe no one will probably read this. But just in case you do can you put a "thumbs up "so others can see. I just started rapping seriously type in lunden- 1990 video just a simple button? Can help my dreams come true. People will ignore this but if you don't can you listen and subscribe thank you all god bless.

Check out my channel for some lyricism.
Me and my big sister like you.
Not bad.
I love eminem.
She looks like megan fox xd.
Hey go to my channel check out my dongs thanks youtuber's.
Is that megan fox.
You can not hate eminem and nirvana. Trust me.
Like eminen.
Check out my playlist.
Media is evil! Please see and share: w w w. The farrell report. Net top ex uk police intelligence analyst turned whistleblower tony farrell exposes a horrific monstrous cover-up perpetrated by criminals operating crimes from inside mainstream entertainment and media law firms. Beware protect your children! These devils brutally target innocent people. These are the real criminals linked to london's 7/7 attacks 2005. must see and make viral! Also see uk column video on 31st january 2013.
subscribe to my channel who can.
Simply rap god.
Is that megan fox xd.
I love this song.
Check out my new em cover video trailer.
Really good song you know love song song.
Eminem is the greatest artist to ever touch the mic.
I love rihanna from thailand.
Some classsic.
Sorry for the spam yall I know its annoying. But if you can spare a min please check out the new track on my channel I'm a upcoming uk rapperplease come check out my songs you might like em. If not no worries I am sorry for wastin your time. Even thumbs up to get more noticed will really help. Peace yall.
This song is like an oreo, the black part is good but the white part is better.
That guy charley of lost tv show.
Subscribe to my channel /watchv=nxk32i0hkds.
Hi I am 14 year rapper support me guy and check out my channel and check out my song you might like it also follow me in twitter mcashim for follow back.
Hello brazil.
Eminem the best ever.
Hey guys look I am aware I am spamming and it pisses people off but please take a moment to check out my music. I am a young rapper and I love to do it and I just wanna share my music with more people just click my picture and then see if you like my stuff.
Do you know how sean kingston got famous why don't you look it up kid before your so hard on yourself! If you hit me up with a message in my inbox and subscribe I will check out your channel. Sounds fair to me.
Best. Song. Ever.
Check out eminem latest track survival if you didnt.
Subscribe to my channel x please! Spare.
Check out my videos guy! Hope you guys had a good laugh.
3 yrs ago I had a health scare but thankfully I am okay. I realized I wasnt living life to the fullest. Now I am on a mission to do everything ive always wanted to do. If you found out you were going to die tomorrow would you be happy with what youve accomplished or would you regret not doing certain things? Sorry for spamming I am just trying to motivate people to do the things theyve always wanted to. If youre bored come see what ive done so far! Almost 1000 subscribers and I just started.
Rihanna looks so beautiful with red hair.
857482940 views awesome.
Nice song.
I love song.
I love song.
860000000 lets make it first female to reach one billion! Share it and replay it.
Shakira is best for worldcup.
The best world cup song ever.
I love.
See some more song open google and type shakira guruofmovie.
Awesome.
I like shakira.
Shakira - waka waka love this song.
Why so many disliked.
I don't think this song will ever get old.
Love song.
Wery good.
Every time I hear this song, I think about iniesta's goal against the netherlands.
Whose watching this in 2015. if so hi-5.
i love this song so much 3keep em' coming.
I love this song thumsb up to you.
Waka best one.
5 years later I still love this songaxy665.
like.
Check out this playlist on youtube.
Her voice sounds weird and plus she's cute for a blonde.
Why there are so many dislikes. This song is so. Awesome. It sounds like we must stop be racists! If I could, I would like it 1000000000 times!
Nice love itttttttt wurkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk.
Still watching in 2015.
shakira is my favourite singer. Wooooo.
I remember this song.
Like.
Whose who are watching this in 2015. like.
Best song in world.
Beautiful.
Good song-.
She's such an awesome entertainer. And pretty too! Shakira.
Check out this video on youtube.
Love this song.
Love this song! My soccer team made a cd for our couch with this song on it.
Fave song.
Watching in 2015.
i felt old when I realized that this song was 5 years old.
Love shakira.
One of the best song of all the time.
I really am madly in love with this woman.
I totally love this song. Absolutely fantastic! I love ya shakira.
I am still watching in 2015.
the song is sad.
Goood.
The best fifa world cup song for sure.
Nice vdeo shakira good.
Waka waka.
She is beautiful but it is not american.
Thumbs up if your watching in 2015.
ilovethissong.
Subscribe me please. I'll promise I'll subscribe back.
Lamest world cup song ever! This time for africa? You mean in africa. It wasn't a live aid event or something. She made it seem like a charity case for them instead of a proud moment. Wherewas ricky martin when you needed him! Smh.
My friend sam loves this song.
Check out this video on youtube.
I love you.
To help shakira become the first female to hit 1billiom views, i've decided to watch this video at least one a day. Everyday! Shakifans we r so close just hit the replay button.
Ilove shakira.
It was cool the best song ever.
Omg listen to this its soo good.
My uncle said he will stop smoking if this comment gets 500 likes! Please like this comment! Thanks.
Nice song.
Waka waka.
Super music.
How could 108k people dislike this song or video.
Love it.
I swear shakira keeps getting more and more gorgeous! She definitely looks more gorgeous with her hair this way than super curly.
Youtube comments be likethis is so 5 years ago.
It pisses me off a bit that blank space has more views 868 mio than this. Meh.
Your the best.
I love you p.
I love shakira.
This song is special, because is a song for africa and I am an african.
This song so muchshakira your a really good artist.
I love shakira.
I remember that torunament like it was today.
Thank you. Please give your email.
Beautiful.
Like.
Shakira you are so beautiful. You are lovely, lively. We love you.
Great.
Best world cup song.
Fuck it was the best ever 0687119038 nummber of patrik kluivert his son share.
This song is so beauty.
I heard this when I was only 6 years old and I still love it.
Nice song.
Waka waka---.
Oh my god go to 1 billion of replay I love shakira.
I love her.
I love this song I love shakira33333.
yea stil the best wk song everthumbs up of you think the same.
I liked.
I like this song.
I like it.
Waka waka.
Amazing song.
Cool song.
I love you shakira.
Waka waka.
This song sucks.
Lol I love this song.
Shakira.
Subscribe my channel I recording fifa 15 goals watch now.
Wow. 5 years.
Subscribe to me and I wil subscribe to you back.
You best singer.
5 years soon.
Like.
Wanderfol is love or miusic.
Waka waka.
Best song ever x3333333333.
very pleasant to hear, haha, good.
Love.
Wow.
Waka waka eh eh.
Cutie girl and beautiful song.
Love you shkira.
I believe that soccer promotes terrorism. Bad choice, shakira.
I loved this song when I was in my teenage years.
Lip synch is terrible.
Shakira is different. She is so happy all the time and she is spending for africa she can dance sing and she speaks 4 languages.
Gusttavo lima voc no me conhece check out.
Best world cup offical song.
5 years ago damn.
Very nice.
Like me.
Shakira song waka waka.
I love this song and expect the world cup.
Good times.
It makes me happy instantly, and makes me forgot everything bad happening.
Love this song so much! One of my faves! Xxx.
Hi, nice song shakira! Sorry for bad brazilian.
Best song! Go shaki.
This is shit and sooooo autotuned.
I stil lisening this.
Sexy shakira.
I love you shakiria.
Me and my aunt love this song.
I subscribed it.
Check out this playlist on youtube.
Check out this video on youtube.
Check out this playlist on youtubecentral.
Please visit my channel.
Pleas subscribe my channel gamezzmta.
Pleas subscribe my channel.
Pleas subscribe gamezz mta my channel.
Check out this video on youtube.
Subscribe and win a cap.
Check out this playlist on youtube.
Hey guys love this but check out this girl name cause she knows how to dance so search up ej ba dancing.
I am from brazil please subscribe my channel love you all.
Pleassssssssssssssss subscribeeeeeeeeee my channnnnnelll plzz.
Check out this video on youtube.
There are beautiful songs please subscribe.
Can this channel get 500+ subscribers? You can make that happen.
I really love watching football and also ive started off making income with out financial risk from acquiring bonus deals. Its this weird technique where you wager on something with one bookmakers and bet against it on betfair. You secure the bonus as income a chap named jim vanstone is finding the wagers free on his own website vanstone secrets google it. Ive made about 500 quid thus far. And it is cost-free. I guess the bookies pay him to obtain new consumers, yet this actually works.
And how many subscribers compared to her over a million.
I absolutely adore watching football plus ive started earning income with out risk from claiming bonus deals. Its a weird technique where you put money on something with one bookmakers and put money against it on betfair. You acquire the bonus as income a lad named jim vanstone is selecting the wagers free on his website vanstone secrets google it. I have generated about 600 quid so far. And its free. I assume the bookmakers pay him to get new men and women, but it succeeds.
Hahahahah. Like vines subscribe to me for daily vines.
Hi there, have you heard about dribbleproshot? Just do a search on google. On their web site you can watch a smart free video featuring the best way to significantly boost your football aka soccer skills in no time. It turned nick into a much better football or soccer player. His team mates were definitily amazed! I hope it will help you also.
Hey, have you tried "dribbleproshot" yet? Just do a search on google. On their website you will find a useful free video demonstrating the right way to enormously improve your soccer or football skills in no time. It transformed fausto into a substantially better football/soccer player. To the amazement of his team mates. Hopefully it works for you too.
Still amazing this song! I did a french kpop parody. Please come on my channel to watch it. Share, suscribe, comment thanks.
Subscribe to my feed.
Subscribe to me for daily vines.
Hey guys whats up? I found this app that lets you get free gift card vouchers like psn cardsx-box live cards and even amazon gift cards. For free! All you have to do is simply just download the app from the app store. It is called juno wallet. All you have to do is just sign up for the app and then complete a few surveys or just download some other free apps and you get money like 10 cents. Also, if you type in the code im2458444. you will also start off with 025 free.
You guys should check out this extraordinary website called firepacom you can make money online and start working from home today as I am! I am making over 3000+ per month at firepacom visit firepacom and check it out! Lake duzafizz singlewave spourmo burder colorful claster incandescent ambitious winooze absorbing macabre crestboot boxium womanly tan ybuwyn forgetful pepelexa zealous.
Waka waka! D check out my new halloween video!
We are 14 year old boys we are trying to enter in the music industry maybe we are just a dreamers but we are not the? Only one. Please give us one chance to prove ourself to you. We know these things are annoying as hell we are sorry? About that. But we do anything to get music heard. Please visit our channel subscribe if you like and thumb this comment up so everyone can see we have made a song called: I wanna play a game please take a look on our channel thankss.
Please I wilsubscribe me frndzzl subscribe you back.
You guys should check out this extraordinary website called moneygqcom you can make money online and start working from home today as I am! I am making over 3000+ per month at moneygqcom visit moneygqcom and check it out! Why does the fragile swim enlist the person? How does the ice audit the frequent son? The fantastic chance describes the rate.
Subscribe me and I requite.
I love this! This is one of my fave songs now and I just subscribed.
How to make a lot of money fast.
Message gta v 20 fifa 14 15 ps4 200 galaxy s4 mini 250 ipad 4 200 visit the site hhnl.
Being paid to respond to fast paid surveys from home has enabled me to give up working and make more than 4500 bucks monthly. To read more go to this web site bitly\1bsefqe.
Check out my channel.
Subscribe my.
Please visit this website: oldchattk.
Please visit this website: oldchattk.
Hello everyone my name's anderson and I'm a singer. Not expecting to buy subscribers with words but to gain them with my voice. I might not be the best but my voice is different in a good way and I'll work harder than anyone out there to get better, 'cuz "yeah" I have a dream a huge one, who doesn't so please take 3 minutes of your time to check out my covers. Give me a chance you won't regret it if you feel like subscribing that'd be awesome and it'd mean the world to me thank you so much.
Check out daneja good girl.
Subscribe to my youtube channel! Suscribite a mi canal de youtube -whatuknow.
Check out my bass cover of hips don't lie by shakira.
Subscribe to my channel.
Subscribe now! Love the song! Love football.
So beutiful.
So beutiful.
She's so pretty.
I like.
She is perfect.
1 753 682 421 gangnam style.
Your a fucking bitch.
This song is racist.
Where are shakifans.
Like.
I want new song.
Shakira is perfect.
Shakira.
I remember this.
Waka waka.
This makes me miss the world cup.
Best song eva.
I love it.
Believe that jesus christ is your savior for all your sins. If you truly believe in jesus christ to be your savior for all your sins then you will go to heaven. If you believe in jesus christ then you are saved and you are in salvation and you have gained gods righteousness. It matters not how much you have sinned in the past, in the present and especially in the future. Believe that jesus christ is your savior and you will go to heaven forever and that is the whole truth. Spread the truth.
Perhaps you have seen the newest miley cyrus secret video she's sucking an old man's cock if you wish to see her check out the celebrity website beneath miley-secret-videocouk.
Haha miley cyrus has done it once again today someone leeched a porno video with her on a celeb site I believe the website link is miley-celeb-newscouk in case you want to view it.
I really can't comprehend miley cyrus she actually is a high profile and she tapes herself banging today a video was leeched with her sucking and fucking the video has been posted at the celebrity website under miley-celeb-newscouk.
Her voice is so wow.
Shakira.

Wow.
I love you.
I like and love so much people all friends. I love shakira.

Shakira I love you.
Beautiful.
Shakira is very beautiful.
She is good.
God she is so hot.
She is perfect.
Wow.
Shakira voice sound spanish but that is what make the music sound amazing I love it.
Check out daneja good girl.
Check out my covers please.
Hey music fans I really appreciate any of you who will take the time to read this, and check my music out! I'm just a 15 year old boy dreaming of being a successful musician in the music world. I do lots of covers, and piano covers. But I don't have money to advertise. A simple thumbs up to my comment, a comment on my videos or a subscription would be a step forward! It will only be a few seconds of your life that you won't regret! Thank you to all the people who just give me a chance.
Echa un vistazo a la remezcla! / check out the remix! Miley cyrus - wrecking ball the house of edm remix miley cyrus - wrecking ball vincent t. Remix click, enlace, suscrbase! / click, link, subscribe.
Hey check out our new musicvideo ''life's a celebration'' peace.
Hi. Check out and share our songs.
Subscribe like /watchv=5tu9gn1l310.
/watchv=dtqcftr1fac justien bieber car 2013. likesubscribe.
Check out our bands page on youtube killtheclockhd - check out some of our original songs including "your disguise".
Hi! Check out our awesome covers! And say what you think.
I hope everyone is in good spirits I'm a hard working student who's also a passionate singer I look foward to the day when I can make my own music to share but for now i've just been doing covers. Check out my channel, i've done covers of miley cyrus, imagine dragons, lana del rey, drake, macklemore, pink and countless others. Subscribe only if you want to. My goal isn't to become famous but to inspire fyi this isn't spamming, everyone has a right to freedom of speech. Thanks.
Please check out my video called "we love mind master it" thanks.
She is perfect.
beautiful song beautiful girl it works.
Shakira.
Omg love this.
Ouf ouf ouffffffffffffffffff.
Awesome.
Cool.
This song will never get old.
I always have goose bumps at that part.
Love it.
I love this song.
I want to see shakira, not football.
Good.
"help the humanity with your sign in to this link with your wholehearted support if you say "no" to discrimination. United we stand we will bring the change together. Impossible itself says I m possible" you are the winners of my successcheers to all my loving brothers and sisters please share this link on facebook to support against discrimination. Tinyurldotcomslashmxh2y77 fear none but god.
Part 5. comforter of the afflicted, pray for us help of christians, pray for us queen of angels, pray for us queen of patriarchs, pray for us queen of prophets, pray for us queen of apostles, pray for us queen of martyrs, pray for us queen of confessors, pray for us queen of virgins, pray for us queen of all saints, pray for us queen conceived without original sin, pray for us queen of the most holy rosary, pray for us queen of the family, pray for us queen of peace, pray for us.
Part 2. holy mary, pray for us holy mother of god, pray for us holy virgin of virgins, pray for us mother of christ, pray for us mother of divine grace, pray for us mother most pure, pray for us mother most chaste, pray for us mother inviolate, pray for us mother undefiled, pray for us mother most amiable, pray for us mother most admirable, pray for us mother of good counsel, pray for us mother of our creator, pray for us mother of our redeemer, pray for us.
Nice song.
God she is so sexy! Drives me crazy.
Wow.
Shakira is the best.
Nice.
Shakira.
Shakira.
The best.
Hey youtubers and all music lover's, guess most of you all skip these comments, but for you who is still reading this, thanks I don't have any money for advertisiments, no chance of getting heard, nothing. All that's left is spam, sorry. I am 17, rapper/singer from estonia. Please listen my new cover on my account. You wont regret it. Give me just a chance, please. Take half a second of your life and thumb this comment up. It will maybe change my life, for real. Thank you wafence.
Please check out this video called "we love mind master it", thank you.
Ways to make money 50k per month search google now 9nlme/make-money-without-investment-1.
meet the richest online marketer now click bitly/make-money-without-adroid.
How did you know that people makes another account just for subscribing itself and liking.
I'll subscribe to you. You look nice.
Hey dickwad - we're all africans. The colour of your skin just tells us something about how long ago your ancestors left africa. Check out baba brinkman - he has a song called "I'm a african" go learn something.
Wow muslims are really egoistic. 23. of the world population and not in this video or donating 1 dollar to the poor ones in africa. Shame on those terrorist muslims.
Wats good go check out my music on da channel ik yall got me.
I know y'all can check out amy music because yall got me go to da channel.
Northland paranormal society is now on youtube! Check out our channel of real paranormal evidence! Facebook/ northland paranormal society!
Hello everyone. I know most of you probably pass up these kind of comments, but for those who are still reading this, thanks! I don't have any money for advertisements, no chance of getting heard, nothing. I live in such a small town. If this comes off as spam, sorry. I am an instrumental songwriter from columbus, mississippi. Please go to my channel and check out my original music. It would be highly appreciated if you thumbs up this comment so my music can be heard! Thank you, adam whitney.
So then how are you going to call yourself a instrumental songwriter if theres no singing theres no song to write! Lol. You got alot to learn kid but hey don't forget to subscribe.
Hello everyone. I know most of you probably pass up these kind of comments, but for those who are still reading this, thanks! I don't have any money for advertisements, no chance of getting heard, nothing. I live in such a small town. If this comes off as spam, sorry. I am an instrumental songwriter from columbus, mississippi. Please go to my channel and check out my original music. It would be highly appreciated if you thumbs up this comment so my music can be heard! Thank you, adam whitney.
Please go in and see our channel and subscribe -. It would be nice mate.
Hello everyone. I know most of you probably pass up these kind of comments, but for those who are still reading this, thanks! I don't have any money for advertisements, no chance of getting heard, nothing. I live in such a small town. If this comes off as spam, sorry. I am an instrumental songwriter from columbus, mississippi. Please go to my channel and check out my original music. It would be highly appreciated if you thumbs up this comment so my music can be heard! Thank you, adam whitney.
Check out the dubstep version.
I can to make money.
Wanna laugh? Please subscribe to our channel.
Earn money for being online with 0 efforts! Bitly\14gkvdo.
Could you please check out my covers on my channel? I do covers like adele, kodaline, imagine dragons. And more. Please if you could spare a few minutes, could you have a listen to one or two of my covers feel free to comment and subscribe. Thank you.
Adfly /kld3y.
Check out these irish guys cover of avicii's wake me up! Just search. "wake me up fiddle me silly" worth a listen for the gorgeous fiddle player.
Hello everyone. I know most of you probably pass up these kind of comments, but for those who are still reading this, thanks! I don't have any money for advertisements, no chance of getting heard, nothing. If this comes off as spam, sorry. I am a video animator, just trying to make it up into the video animation industry. Please give me the chance to prove myself to you. Please visit my channel, subscribe if you like and thumb this comment up, so everyone can see! Thank you.
Hello everyone. I know most of you probably pass up these kind of comments, but for those who are still reading this, thanks! I don't have any money for advertisements, no chance of getting heard, nothing. If this comes off as spam, sorry. I am a video animator, just trying to make it up into the video animation industry. Please give me the chance to prove myself to you. Please visit my channel, subscribe if you like and thumb this comment up, so everyone can see! Thank you.
Hey youtubers. I really appreciate all of you who took the time, to read this, I am just a 19 year old boy who wants to be a successful musician in the music world. I don't have any money to advertise my channel, if you could just visit my channel, comment on my video or subscribe, that would be great. It will only be few seconds of your life. Thank you to all the people who just gave me a chance l really appreciate it.
Subscribe to my pagee please.
Please subscribe to my page. Thanks.
Hey, hit this shit up while yall can, they killed the versace remix. Just type in cge "versace freestyle get money" shot by ja-wan gardner and help them reach 1 million views.
Hey guys and girls check out comedy recipe for hilarious you tube videos, pranks, and crank calls.
Subscribe me, I will? Subscribe you back.
Subscribe me, I will? Subscribe you back.
Please. Check my channel out I subscribe back.
I really ask nicely to view my vids I subscribe back.
Hi. Check out and share our songs.
Check out partyman318 fr good tunez.
Hey youtubers. I really appreciate all of you who took the time, to read this, I am just a 19 year old boy who wants to be a successful musician in the music world. I don't have any money to advertise my channel, if you could just visit my channel, comment on my video or subscribe, that would be great. It will only be few seconds of your life. Thank you to all the people who just gave me a chance l really appreciate it.
Hey music fans I really appreciate any of you who will take the time to read this, and check my music out! I'm just a 15 year old boy dreaming of being a successful musician in the music world. I do lots of covers, and piano covers. But I don't have money to advertise. A simple thumbs up to my comment, a comment on my videos or a subscription would be a step forward! It will only be a few seconds of your life that you won't regret! Thank you to all the people who just give me a chance.
Hey music fans I really appreciate any of you who will take the time to read this, and check my music out! I'm just a 15 year old boy dreaming of being a successful musician in the music world. I do lots of covers, and piano covers. But I don't have money to advertise. A simple thumbs up to my comment, a comment on my videos or a subscription would be a step forward! It will only be a few seconds of your life that you won't regret! Thank you to all the people who just give me a chance.
Hey music fans I really appreciate any of you who will take the time to read this, and check my music out! I'm just a 15 year old boy dreaming of being a successful musician in the music world. I do lots of covers, and piano covers. But I don't have money to advertise. A simple thumbs up to my comment, a comment on my videos or a subscription would be a step forward! It will only be a few seconds of your life that you won't regret! Thank you to all the people who just give me a chance.
Hi. Check out and share our songs.
Hi. Check out and share our songs.
Hicheck out and share our songs.
Hey music fans I really appreciate any of you who will take the time to read this, and check my music out! I'm just a 15 year old boy dreaming of being a successful musician in the music world. I do lots of covers, and piano covers. But I don't have money to advertise. A simple thumbs up to my comment, a comment on my videos or a subscription would be a step forward! It will only be a few seconds of your life that you won't regret! Thank you to all the people who just give me a chance.
Love itt and ppl check out my channel.
Subscribe my channel.
Adfly / kld3y.
Adfly / kld3y.
Check out my new video.
Hey music fans I really appreciate all of you who take time to read this, and check my music out! I'm just a 15 year old boy dreaming of being a successful musician in the music world. I do lots of covers, and piano covers. But I don't have money to advertise. A simple thumbs up to my comment, a comment on my videos or a subscription would be a step forward! It will only be a few seconds of your life that you won't regret! Thank you to all the people who just give me a chance it means a lot.
Hello everyone, it is not my intention to spam and am truly sorry if anyone is annoyed by this but just please hear me out. I am a rapper, singer, music producer and a song writer and have been making music for a while now, eight years to be exact. I enjoy making all types of music that anyone can listen to, doesn't have me talking about killing anyone and most importantly, focuses on the quality of the music. Please check out my page, it's only a click away. Thank you and have a nice day.
Please check out and send to others freedom and justice are on the line! Please google: steven l. Reed case lands in supreme court---thanks.
Nice to meet you - this is johnny: 1. if you already know my music - thumb this up, because you found it this way, too. 2. if you want to hear original songs completely made by 1 person, continue reading: I sing, write original music+lyrics play guitar, bass, drums keyboards. I'm a 1-man-band. My music is completely independent 100. listener-supported. If you want to hear it if you're willing to help record new album - click on my name/picture. Enjoy the music - wish you awesome day.
Hey you check out the channel of alvar lake.
Hi -this is johnny: 1. if you already know my music - thumb this up, because you found it this way, too. 2. if you want to hear original songs completely made by 1 person, continue reading: I sing, write original music+lyrics play guitar, bass, drums keyboards. I'm a 1-man-band. My music is completely independent 100. listener-supported. If you want to hear it if you're willing to help record new album - click on my name/picture. Thank you enjoy the music - wish you awesome day.
Wow.
Love this song.
Love this song.
Check out this video on youtube"this time for africa". One for trayvon! And our motherlandthank-you shakira.
I watched this because of the large amount of views and now I am convinced it is because that girl is so hot.
O peoples of the earth, I have seen how you perform every form of evil at your leisure! You cease not from reveling in that which I hate! Behold, you murder the innocent day and night and plot evil against your neighbor! You stand up for the rights of those who commit abomination and clap your hands as wickedness is celebrated openly in the streets! O most perverse and abominable generation, shall I not repay? Hear the word of the lord - trumpetcallofgodonline. Co m.
This song always gives me chills.
I love dis song! 3.
I will never forget this song in my life like this comment of your hearing this song for like a year.
Hey music fans I really appreciate all of you who take time to read this, and check my music out! I'm just a 15 year old boy dreaming of being a successful musician in the music world. I do lots of covers, and piano covers. But I don't have money to advertise. A simple thumbs up to my comment, a comment on my videos or a subscription would be a step forward! It will only be a few seconds of your life that you won't regret! Thank you to all the people who just give me a chance it means a lot.
Check out my new mixtape. Check out my new mixtape. Check out my new mixtape. Check out my new mixtape. Check out my new mixtape. Check out my new mixtape. Check out my new mixtape. Check out my new mixtape. Check out my new mixtape. Check out my new mixtape. Check out my new mixtape. Check out my new mixtape. Check out my new mixtape. Check out my new mixtape. Check out my new mixtape. Check out my new mixtape.
Check out my new mixtape. Check out my new mixtape. Check out my new mixtape. Check out my new mixtape. Check out my new mixtape. Check out my new mixtape. Check out my new mixtape. Check out my new mixtape. Check out my new mixtape. Check out my new mixtape. Check out my new mixtape. Check out my new mixtape. Check out my new mixtape. Check out my new mixtape. Check out my new mixtape. Check out my new mixtape.
Check out my new mixtape. Check out my new mixtape. Check out my new mixtape. Check out my new mixtape. Check out my new mixtape. Check out my new mixtape. Check out my new mixtape. Check out my new mixtape. Check out my new mixtape. Check out my new mixtape. Check out my new mixtape. Check out my new mixtape. Check out my new mixtape. Check out my new mixtape. Check out my new mixtape. Check out my new mixtape.
Waka waka she rules.
She is sooooo beautiful.
Well done shakira.
I love this song because we sing it at camp all the time.
I love this song for two reasons: 1it is about africa 2i was born in beautiful south africa.
Wow.
Shakira you are so wiredo.
Shakira is the best dancer.
